src/content/scenarios/scenario-ime-composition-duplicate-events.md, before:

---
id: scenario-ime-composition-duplicate-events
title: IME composition triggers deleteContentBackward and insertText events sequentially in iOS Safari
description: "During Korean IME composition in iOS Safari, each composition update fires both a deleteContentBackward event followed by an insertText event (not insertCompositionText). This sequential firing pattern differs from other browsers where only insertCompositionText fires, and can cause event handlers to execute twice for a single composition update."
category: ime
tags:
  - ime
  - composition
  - beforeinput
  - ios
  - safari
  - duplicate-events
status: draft
---

During Korean IME composition in iOS Safari, each composition update fires both a `deleteContentBackward` event followed by an `insertText` event (not `insertCompositionText`). This sequential firing pattern differs from other browsers where only `insertCompositionText` fires during composition updates, and can cause event handlers to execute twice for a single composition update.

## Observed Behavior

When composing Korean text (e.g., typing "한글"):
1. User types a character that updates the composition
2. `beforeinput` event fires with `inputType: 'deleteContentBackward'` to remove the previous composition text
3. `beforeinput` event fires again with `inputType: 'insertText'` (not `insertCompositionText`) to insert the new composition text
4. Both events have `e.isComposing === true`

## Impact

- Event handlers that process both `deleteContentBackward` and `insertText` will execute twice for each composition update
- This can lead to:
  - Performance issues (double processing)
  - Incorrect undo/redo stack management (two operations instead of one)
  - Duplicate validation or formatting logic execution
  - State synchronization issues
- The fact that `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`) fires during composition can cause handlers expecting `insertCompositionText` to miss these events

## Browser Comparison

- **iOS Safari**: Fires `deleteContentBackward` followed by `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`) during composition updates
- **Chrome/Edge**: Fires only `insertCompositionText` during composition updates
- **Firefox**: Behavior varies but generally more consistent with Chrome (fires `insertCompositionText`)

## Workaround

When handling `beforeinput` events during composition in iOS Safari, check if the event is part of a composition sequence and avoid processing `deleteContentBackward` events that are immediately followed by `insertText` events:

```javascript
let lastCompositionDelete = null;

element.addEventListener('beforeinput', (e) => {
  if (e.isComposing) {
    if (e.inputType === 'deleteContentBackward') {
      // Store for potential pairing with insertText
      lastCompositionDelete = e;
      return; // Don't process deleteContentBackward during composition
    }
    
    if (e.inputType === 'insertText') {
      // iOS Safari fires insertText (not insertCompositionText) during composition
      if (lastCompositionDelete) {
        // This insertText is paired with the previous deleteContentBackward
        // Process only the insertText event as a single composition update
        lastCompositionDelete = null;
      }
      // Handle composition text insertion
      // Note: e.data contains the composed text
    }
  }
});
```

**Important**: In iOS Safari, `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`) fires during composition, so handlers should check for both `insertText` and `insertCompositionText` when handling composition updates.

Commit message:

Enhance contenteditable case documentation with detailed HTML structures and descriptions for various scenarios, including IME behavior, formatting persistence, and selection handling. Update related scenario pages for improved clarity and consistency.

src/content/scenarios/scenario-ime-composition-duplicate-events.md, after:

---
id: scenario-ime-composition-duplicate-events
title: IME composition triggers duplicate or unexpected event sequences
description: "During IME composition, some browsers and IME combinations fire unexpected event sequences (e.g., deleteContentBackward followed by insertText instead of insertCompositionText). This can cause event handlers to execute multiple times for a single composition update. This affects multiple languages and browser combinations."
category: ime
tags:
  - ime
  - composition
  - beforeinput
  - duplicate-events
status: draft
---

During IME composition, some browsers and IME combinations fire unexpected event sequences that differ from the standard behavior. This can cause event handlers to execute multiple times for a single composition update.

## Language-Specific Manifestations

This issue manifests differently across languages and browsers:

- **Korean IME in iOS Safari**: Each composition update fires both `deleteContentBackward` followed by `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`)
- **Japanese IME**: May fire different event sequences depending on browser
- **Chinese IME**: May fire different event sequences depending on browser
- **Other IMEs**: Similar issues may occur with other languages

## Observed Behavior

When composing Korean text (e.g., typing "한글"):
1. User types a character that updates the composition
2. `beforeinput` event fires with `inputType: 'deleteContentBackward'` to remove the previous composition text
3. `beforeinput` event fires again with `inputType: 'insertText'` (not `insertCompositionText`) to insert the new composition text
4. Both events have `e.isComposing === true`

## Impact

- Event handlers that process both `deleteContentBackward` and `insertText` will execute twice for each composition update
- This can lead to:
  - Performance issues (double processing)
  - Incorrect undo/redo stack management (two operations instead of one)
  - Duplicate validation or formatting logic execution
  - State synchronization issues
- The fact that `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`) fires during composition can cause handlers expecting `insertCompositionText` to miss these events

## Browser Comparison

- **iOS Safari**: Fires `deleteContentBackward` followed by `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`) during composition updates
- **Chrome/Edge**: Fires only `insertCompositionText` during composition updates
- **Firefox**: Behavior varies but generally more consistent with Chrome (fires `insertCompositionText`)

## Workaround

When handling `beforeinput` events during composition in iOS Safari, check if the event is part of a composition sequence and avoid processing `deleteContentBackward` events that are immediately followed by `insertText` events:

```javascript
let lastCompositionDelete = null;

element.addEventListener('beforeinput', (e) => {
  if (e.isComposing) {
    if (e.inputType === 'deleteContentBackward') {
      // Store for potential pairing with insertText
      lastCompositionDelete = e;
      return; // Don't process deleteContentBackward during composition
    }
    
    if (e.inputType === 'insertText') {
      // iOS Safari fires insertText (not insertCompositionText) during composition
      if (lastCompositionDelete) {
        // This insertText is paired with the previous deleteContentBackward
        // Process only the insertText event as a single composition update
        lastCompositionDelete = null;
      }
      // Handle composition text insertion
      // Note: e.data contains the composed text
    }
  }
});
```

**Important**: In iOS Safari, `insertText` (not `insertCompositionText`) fires during composition, so handlers should check for both `insertText` and `insertCompositionText` when handling composition updates.
