src/content/cases/ce-0061-contenteditable-with-lang.md, before:

---
id: ce-0061
scenarioId: scenario-language-attribute
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: lang attribute does not affect spellcheck language
tags:
  - lang
  - spellcheck
  - language
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `lang` attribute on a contenteditable region does not affect the spellcheck language in Safari. Spellcheck always uses the browser's default language, regardless of the `lang` attribute value.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `lang="fr"` and `spellcheck="true"`.
2. Type French text.
3. Observe whether spellcheck uses French dictionary.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the `lang` attribute does not affect spellcheck.
- Spellcheck always uses the browser's default language.
- Multi-language content cannot be properly spellchecked.

### Expected behavior

- The `lang` attribute should control the spellcheck language.
- Spellcheck should use the appropriate dictionary for the specified language.
- Multi-language content should be properly supported.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0061-contenteditable-with-lang.md, after:

---
id: ce-0061
scenarioId: scenario-language-attribute
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: lang attribute does not affect spellcheck language
description: "The lang attribute on a contenteditable region does not affect the spellcheck language in Safari. Spellcheck always uses the browser's default language, regardless of the lang attribute value."
tags:
  - lang
  - spellcheck
  - language
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `lang` attribute on a contenteditable region does not affect the spellcheck language in Safari. Spellcheck always uses the browser's default language, regardless of the `lang` attribute value.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `lang="fr"` and `spellcheck="true"`.
2. Type French text.
3. Observe whether spellcheck uses French dictionary.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the `lang` attribute does not affect spellcheck.
- Spellcheck always uses the browser's default language.
- Multi-language content cannot be properly spellchecked.

### Expected behavior

- The `lang` attribute should control the spellcheck language.
- Spellcheck should use the appropriate dictionary for the specified language.
- Multi-language content should be properly supported.
