src/content/cases/ce-0092-contenteditable-with-css-filter.md, before:

---
id: ce-0092
scenarioId: scenario-css-filter
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS filter may affect contenteditable performance
tags:
  - css-filter
  - performance
  - chrome
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS filters applied (blur, brightness, etc.), editing performance may be degraded. Typing may lag, and selection may be slow to update.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `filter: blur(2px) brightness(1.2)`.
2. Type text rapidly.
3. Observe typing lag or jank.
4. Try to select text and observe responsiveness.
5. Compare performance with a contenteditable without filters.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, CSS filters may cause performance issues.
- Typing may lag or stutter.
- Selection updates may be slow.
- The UI may become unresponsive during rapid editing.

### Expected behavior

- CSS filters should not significantly impact editing performance.
- Or, filters should be optimized for contenteditable use cases.
- Performance should remain acceptable with filters applied.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0092-contenteditable-with-css-filter.md, after:

---
id: ce-0092
scenarioId: scenario-css-filter
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS filter may affect contenteditable performance
description: "When a contenteditable element has CSS filters applied (blur, brightness, etc.), editing performance may be degraded. Typing may lag, and selection may be slow to update."
tags:
  - css-filter
  - performance
  - chrome
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS filters applied (blur, brightness, etc.), editing performance may be degraded. Typing may lag, and selection may be slow to update.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `filter: blur(2px) brightness(1.2)`.
2. Type text rapidly.
3. Observe typing lag or jank.
4. Try to select text and observe responsiveness.
5. Compare performance with a contenteditable without filters.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, CSS filters may cause performance issues.
- Typing may lag or stutter.
- Selection updates may be slow.
- The UI may become unresponsive during rapid editing.

### Expected behavior

- CSS filters should not significantly impact editing performance.
- Or, filters should be optimized for contenteditable use cases.
- Performance should remain acceptable with filters applied.
