src/content/cases/ce-0024-paste-html-preserved.md, before:

---
id: ce-0024
scenarioId: scenario-paste-formatting-loss
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting rich text preserves unwanted HTML structure
tags:
  - paste
  - formatting
  - html
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting content from external sources (like Word documents or web pages) into a contenteditable region in Safari, the HTML structure is preserved, including unwanted elements like `<span>` tags with inline styles, `<div>` elements, and other formatting markup.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy formatted text from a Word document or web page.
2. Paste it into a contenteditable div in Safari.
3. Inspect the DOM structure of the pasted content.

### Observed behavior

- Safari preserves the full HTML structure from the source.
- Unwanted elements like `<span style="...">`, `<div>`, and other formatting tags are included.
- The pasted content may have inconsistent styling.

### Expected behavior

- The paste operation should normalize or clean the HTML structure.
- Or, there should be a way to control what gets pasted (plain text vs. formatted).

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0024-paste-html-preserved.md, after:

---
id: ce-0024
scenarioId: scenario-paste-formatting-loss
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting rich text preserves unwanted HTML structure
description: "When pasting content from external sources (like Word documents or web pages) into a contenteditable region in Safari, the HTML structure is preserved, including unwanted elements like span tags with inline styles."
tags:
  - paste
  - formatting
  - html
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting content from external sources (like Word documents or web pages) into a contenteditable region in Safari, the HTML structure is preserved, including unwanted elements like `<span>` tags with inline styles, `<div>` elements, and other formatting markup.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy formatted text from a Word document or web page.
2. Paste it into a contenteditable div in Safari.
3. Inspect the DOM structure of the pasted content.

### Observed behavior

- Safari preserves the full HTML structure from the source.
- Unwanted elements like `<span style="...">`, `<div>`, and other formatting tags are included.
- The pasted content may have inconsistent styling.

### Expected behavior

- The paste operation should normalize or clean the HTML structure.
- Or, there should be a way to control what gets pasted (plain text vs. formatted).
