src/content/cases/ce-0004-ime-backspace-removes-whole-syllable.md, before:

---
id: ce-0004
scenarioId: scenario-ime-backspace-granularity
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Backspace removes a whole composed syllable instead of a single jamo
tags:
  - composition
  - ime
  - backspace
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When editing Korean text in a `contenteditable` element, pressing Backspace removes the entire
composed syllable instead of a single jamo. This makes fine-grained correction difficult and
differs from native input fields on the same platform.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Activate a Korean IME.
3. Type one composed syllable (for example, three jamo characters that form a syllable).
4. Press Backspace once.

### Observed behavior

- The entire syllable is removed by a single Backspace press.
- The event log shows only one `beforeinput` / `input` pair for the deletion.

### Expected behavior

- Each Backspace press removes a single jamo, matching how native inputs behave in the same OS,
  browser, and IME configuration.

### Notes

- Compare behavior with a plain `<input>` element in the same environment to confirm the
  difference.
- This behavior can affect cursor movement, undo granularity, and diff calculation for text
  editors built on top of `contenteditable`.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0004-ime-backspace-removes-whole-syllable.md, after:

---
id: ce-0004
scenarioId: scenario-ime-backspace-granularity
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Backspace removes a whole composed syllable instead of a single jamo
description: "When editing Korean text in a contenteditable element, pressing Backspace removes the entire composed syllable instead of a single jamo. This makes fine-grained correction difficult and differs from the expected behavior."
tags:
  - composition
  - ime
  - backspace
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When editing Korean text in a `contenteditable` element, pressing Backspace removes the entire
composed syllable instead of a single jamo. This makes fine-grained correction difficult and
differs from native input fields on the same platform.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Activate a Korean IME.
3. Type one composed syllable (for example, three jamo characters that form a syllable).
4. Press Backspace once.

### Observed behavior

- The entire syllable is removed by a single Backspace press.
- The event log shows only one `beforeinput` / `input` pair for the deletion.

### Expected behavior

- Each Backspace press removes a single jamo, matching how native inputs behave in the same OS,
  browser, and IME configuration.

### Notes

- Compare behavior with a plain `<input>` element in the same environment to confirm the
  difference.
- This behavior can affect cursor movement, undo granularity, and diff calculation for text
  editors built on top of `contenteditable`.
