src/content/cases/ce-0063-contenteditable-with-required.md, before:

---
id: ce-0063-contenteditable-with-required
scenarioId: scenario-required-validation
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: required attribute is not supported for validation
description: "The required attribute, which works on form inputs to indicate mandatory fields, is not supported on contenteditable regions. There is no built-in way to mark a contenteditable as required for form validation."
tags:
  - required
  - validation
  - form
  - chrome
status: draft
---

## Phenomenon

The `required` attribute, which works on form inputs to indicate mandatory fields, is not supported on contenteditable regions. There is no built-in way to mark a contenteditable as required for form validation.

## Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `required` attribute inside a form.
2. Try to submit the form without entering content.
3. Observe whether validation occurs.

## Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, the `required` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- Form validation does not check contenteditable regions.
- No built-in validation exists.

## Expected behavior

- The `required` attribute should work on contenteditable.
- Form validation should check contenteditable regions.
- Or, there should be a standard way to validate contenteditable content.

Commit message:

feat: Add new Korean case `ce-0055-ko.md`, delete `ce-0023-double-line-break-chrome-ko.md`, and update multiple contenteditable cases and scenarios with refined descriptions, reproduction steps, and observed behaviors for selection range, media query,

src/content/cases/ce-0063-contenteditable-with-required.md, after:

---
id: ce-0063-contenteditable-with-required
scenarioId: scenario-required-validation
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: required attribute is not supported for validation
description: "The HTML5 'required' attribute is ignored by browsers when placed on a contenteditable element, preventing native form validation from blocking empty submissions."
tags: ["required", "validation", "form", "chrome"]
status: confirmed
---

## Phenomenon
When marking a `contenteditable` container as `required`, the browser's form validation engine does not check its content. Users can submit an empty editor even if it's logically "mandatory".

## Reproduction Steps
1. Create a `<form>`.
2. Add `<div contenteditable="true" required></div>`.
3. Add a submit button.
4. Leave the div empty and click submit.
5. Observe that the form submits without showing a "Please fill out this field" tooltip.

## Expected Behavior
The browser should ideally support native validation for editable regions or provide a focused pseudo-class for validation states.

## Solution
Use a hidden `input` with the `required` attribute and sync its value, or use the `checkValidity()` API manually on form submission.
