src/content/cases/ce-0062-contenteditable-with-tabindex.md, before:

---
id: ce-0062
scenarioId: scenario-tabindex-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: tabindex attribute does not control focus order correctly
tags:
  - tabindex
  - focus
  - keyboard-navigation
  - edge
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When multiple contenteditable regions have `tabindex` attributes, the tab order may not follow the `tabindex` values correctly in Edge. The focus order may be inconsistent or incorrect.

### Reproduction example

1. Create multiple contenteditable divs with different `tabindex` values:
   ```html
   <div contenteditable tabindex="3">Third</div>
   <div contenteditable tabindex="1">First</div>
   <div contenteditable tabindex="2">Second</div>
   ```
2. Use Tab key to navigate.
3. Observe the focus order.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, `tabindex` may not control focus order correctly.
- The focus may skip elements or follow an unexpected order.
- Keyboard navigation is inconsistent.

### Expected behavior

- `tabindex` should control focus order as specified.
- Elements should be focused in the order of their `tabindex` values.
- Keyboard navigation should be predictable and accessible.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0062-contenteditable-with-tabindex.md, after:

---
id: ce-0062
scenarioId: scenario-tabindex-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: tabindex attribute does not control focus order correctly
description: "When multiple contenteditable regions have tabindex attributes, the tab order may not follow the tabindex values correctly in Edge. The focus order may be inconsistent or incorrect."
tags:
  - tabindex
  - focus
  - keyboard-navigation
  - edge
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When multiple contenteditable regions have `tabindex` attributes, the tab order may not follow the `tabindex` values correctly in Edge. The focus order may be inconsistent or incorrect.

### Reproduction example

1. Create multiple contenteditable divs with different `tabindex` values:
   ```html
   <div contenteditable tabindex="3">Third</div>
   <div contenteditable tabindex="1">First</div>
   <div contenteditable tabindex="2">Second</div>
   ```
2. Use Tab key to navigate.
3. Observe the focus order.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, `tabindex` may not control focus order correctly.
- The focus may skip elements or follow an unexpected order.
- Keyboard navigation is inconsistent.

### Expected behavior

- `tabindex` should control focus order as specified.
- Elements should be focused in the order of their `tabindex` values.
- Keyboard navigation should be predictable and accessible.
