src/content/cases/ce-0053-mobile-selection-handles-overlap.md, before:

---
id: ce-0053
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: Android
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Selection handles overlap with content on mobile
tags:
  - mobile
  - selection
  - handles
  - android
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On Android Chrome, when selecting text in a contenteditable region, the selection handles (grab points for adjusting selection) may overlap with the content, making it difficult to see or interact with the selected text.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a contenteditable region on Android Chrome.
2. Long-press to start a text selection.
3. Observe the position of the selection handles.
4. Try to adjust the selection by dragging the handles.

### Observed behavior

- In Android Chrome, selection handles may overlap with content.
- The handles may obscure the selected text.
- It may be difficult to see what is selected.
- Adjusting the selection may be challenging.

### Expected behavior

- Selection handles should not overlap with content.
- They should be positioned clearly and visibly.
- The selected text should remain visible and accessible.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0053-mobile-selection-handles-overlap.md, after:

---
id: ce-0053
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: Android
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Selection handles overlap with content on mobile
description: "On Android Chrome, when selecting text in a contenteditable region, the selection handles (grab points for adjusting selection) may overlap with the content, making it difficult to see or interact"
tags:
  - mobile
  - selection
  - handles
  - android
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On Android Chrome, when selecting text in a contenteditable region, the selection handles (grab points for adjusting selection) may overlap with the content, making it difficult to see or interact with the selected text.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a contenteditable region on Android Chrome.
2. Long-press to start a text selection.
3. Observe the position of the selection handles.
4. Try to adjust the selection by dragging the handles.

### Observed behavior

- In Android Chrome, selection handles may overlap with content.
- The handles may obscure the selected text.
- It may be difficult to see what is selected.
- Adjusting the selection may be challenging.

### Expected behavior

- Selection handles should not overlap with content.
- They should be positioned clearly and visibly.
- The selected text should remain visible and accessible.
