src/content/cases/ce-0070-contenteditable-with-autocapitalize.md, before:

---
id: ce-0070
scenarioId: scenario-autocapitalize-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "17.0"
device: iPhone
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: autocapitalize attribute works inconsistently on contenteditable
tags:
  - autocapitalize
  - mobile
  - ios
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `autocapitalize` attribute, which controls automatic capitalization on mobile keyboards, works inconsistently on contenteditable elements. The behavior may differ from standard input elements.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `autocapitalize="sentences"`.
2. On an iOS device, focus the contenteditable.
3. Type text and observe capitalization behavior.
4. Compare with a standard input element with the same attribute.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on iOS, `autocapitalize` may not work as expected on contenteditable.
- Capitalization behavior may differ from standard inputs.
- The attribute may be ignored in some cases.

### Expected behavior

- `autocapitalize` should work identically on contenteditable and standard inputs.
- Capitalization should follow the specified mode (sentences, words, characters, none).
- Behavior should be consistent across browsers and devices.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0070-contenteditable-with-autocapitalize.md, after:

---
id: ce-0070
scenarioId: scenario-autocapitalize-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "17.0"
device: iPhone
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: autocapitalize attribute works inconsistently on contenteditable
description: "The autocapitalize attribute, which controls automatic capitalization on mobile keyboards, works inconsistently on contenteditable elements. The behavior may differ from standard input elements."
tags:
  - autocapitalize
  - mobile
  - ios
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `autocapitalize` attribute, which controls automatic capitalization on mobile keyboards, works inconsistently on contenteditable elements. The behavior may differ from standard input elements.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `autocapitalize="sentences"`.
2. On an iOS device, focus the contenteditable.
3. Type text and observe capitalization behavior.
4. Compare with a standard input element with the same attribute.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on iOS, `autocapitalize` may not work as expected on contenteditable.
- Capitalization behavior may differ from standard inputs.
- The attribute may be ignored in some cases.

### Expected behavior

- `autocapitalize` should work identically on contenteditable and standard inputs.
- Capitalization should follow the specified mode (sentences, words, characters, none).
- Behavior should be consistent across browsers and devices.
