src/content/cases/ce-0055-contenteditable-in-table-cell.md, before:

---
id: ce-0055
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-table
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable in table cells causes layout issues
tags:
  - table
  - layout
  - contenteditable
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside a table cell (`<td>`), editing the content may cause layout issues in Firefox. The table may resize unexpectedly or the cell may overflow.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a table with a contenteditable cell:
   ```html
   <table>
     <tr>
       <td contenteditable>Editable content</td>
     </tr>
   </table>
   ```
2. Edit the content in the cell (add or remove text).
3. Observe the table layout.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, editing content in table cells may cause layout issues.
- The table may resize unexpectedly.
- Cells may overflow or change size.
- The layout may become unstable.

### Expected behavior

- Editing content in table cells should not cause layout issues.
- The table should maintain its structure.
- Cell sizes should remain stable during editing.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0055-contenteditable-in-table-cell.md, after:

---
id: ce-0055
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-table
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable in table cells causes layout issues
description: "When a contenteditable region is inside a table cell (td), editing the content may cause layout issues in Firefox. The table may resize unexpectedly or the cell may overflow."
tags:
  - table
  - layout
  - contenteditable
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside a table cell (`<td>`), editing the content may cause layout issues in Firefox. The table may resize unexpectedly or the cell may overflow.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a table with a contenteditable cell:
   ```html
   <table>
     <tr>
       <td contenteditable>Editable content</td>
     </tr>
   </table>
   ```
2. Edit the content in the cell (add or remove text).
3. Observe the table layout.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, editing content in table cells may cause layout issues.
- The table may resize unexpectedly.
- Cells may overflow or change size.
- The layout may become unstable.

### Expected behavior

- Editing content in table cells should not cause layout issues.
- The table should maintain its structure.
- Cell sizes should remain stable during editing.
