src/content/cases/ce-0017-touch-selection-mobile.md, before:

---
id: ce-0017
scenarioId: scenario-touch-selection-mobile
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Touch selection handles are difficult to use on mobile devices
tags:
  - mobile
  - touch
  - selection
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On mobile devices, selecting text in a contenteditable region using touch is difficult. The selection handles are small and hard to grab, and the selection range may change unexpectedly when trying to adjust it.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a contenteditable region on a mobile device (iOS Safari).
2. Long-press to start a text selection.
3. Try to adjust the selection by dragging the handles.
4. Observe the difficulty in precisely controlling the selection.

### Observed behavior

- Selection handles are small and difficult to grab with a finger.
- Dragging the handles often results in scrolling the page instead of adjusting the selection.
- The selection may jump to unexpected positions when trying to fine-tune it.
- The selection may be lost when the virtual keyboard appears.

### Expected behavior

- Selection handles should be large enough to easily grab with a finger.
- Dragging handles should adjust the selection without scrolling the page.
- The selection should remain stable and controllable.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0017-touch-selection-mobile.md, after:

---
id: ce-0017
scenarioId: scenario-touch-selection-mobile
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Touch selection handles are difficult to use on mobile devices
description: "On mobile devices, selecting text in a contenteditable region using touch is difficult. The selection handles are small and hard to grab, and the selection range may change unexpectedly when trying"
tags:
  - mobile
  - touch
  - selection
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On mobile devices, selecting text in a contenteditable region using touch is difficult. The selection handles are small and hard to grab, and the selection range may change unexpectedly when trying to adjust it.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a contenteditable region on a mobile device (iOS Safari).
2. Long-press to start a text selection.
3. Try to adjust the selection by dragging the handles.
4. Observe the difficulty in precisely controlling the selection.

### Observed behavior

- Selection handles are small and difficult to grab with a finger.
- Dragging the handles often results in scrolling the page instead of adjusting the selection.
- The selection may jump to unexpected positions when trying to fine-tune it.
- The selection may be lost when the virtual keyboard appears.

### Expected behavior

- Selection handles should be large enough to easily grab with a finger.
- Dragging handles should adjust the selection without scrolling the page.
- The selection should remain stable and controllable.
