src/content/cases/ce-0090-contenteditable-with-css-isolation.md, before:

---
id: ce-0090
scenarioId: scenario-css-isolation
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS isolation property may affect contenteditable stacking context
tags:
  - css-isolation
  - stacking-context
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has the CSS `isolation: isolate` property, it creates a new stacking context. This may affect how selection handles and IME candidate windows are positioned relative to the contenteditable.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `isolation: isolate`.
2. Use an IME to compose text.
3. Observe the position of the IME candidate window.
4. Try to select text and observe selection handles.
5. Compare with a contenteditable without isolation.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, isolation may affect IME candidate window positioning.
- Selection handles may be positioned incorrectly.
- Z-index stacking may be affected.
- Overlays may not appear correctly.

### Expected behavior

- CSS isolation should not affect contenteditable UI elements.
- IME candidate windows should be positioned correctly.
- Selection handles should appear in the right place.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0090-contenteditable-with-css-isolation.md, after:

---
id: ce-0090
scenarioId: scenario-css-isolation
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS isolation property may affect contenteditable stacking context
description: "When a contenteditable element has the CSS isolation: isolate property, it creates a new stacking context. This may affect how selection handles and IME candidate windows are positioned relative to the element."
tags:
  - css-isolation
  - stacking-context
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has the CSS `isolation: isolate` property, it creates a new stacking context. This may affect how selection handles and IME candidate windows are positioned relative to the contenteditable.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `isolation: isolate`.
2. Use an IME to compose text.
3. Observe the position of the IME candidate window.
4. Try to select text and observe selection handles.
5. Compare with a contenteditable without isolation.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, isolation may affect IME candidate window positioning.
- Selection handles may be positioned incorrectly.
- Z-index stacking may be affected.
- Overlays may not appear correctly.

### Expected behavior

- CSS isolation should not affect contenteditable UI elements.
- IME candidate windows should be positioned correctly.
- Selection handles should appear in the right place.
