src/content/cases/ce-0013-drag-drop-not-working.md, before:

---
id: ce-0013
scenarioId: scenario-drag-drop-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Drag and drop of text within contenteditable does not work as expected
tags:
  - drag-drop
  - selection
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Dragging selected text within a contenteditable region to move it to a different position does not work consistently. Sometimes the text is copied instead of moved, or the drop target is not where the mouse pointer indicates.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with multiple paragraphs.
2. Select a paragraph of text.
3. Drag it to a different position within the same contenteditable region.
4. Observe the result.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, dragging text sometimes results in copying instead of moving.
- The drop position may not match the visual indicator.
- The original selection may remain visible after the drop.

### Expected behavior

- Dragging selected text should move it to the drop position.
- The original text should be removed from its source location.
- The caret should be positioned at the drop location.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0013-drag-drop-not-working.md, after:

---
id: ce-0013
scenarioId: scenario-drag-drop-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Drag and drop of text within contenteditable does not work as expected
description: "Dragging selected text within a contenteditable region to move it to a different position does not work consistently. Sometimes the text is copied instead of moved, or the drop target is not where expected."
tags:
  - drag-drop
  - selection
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Dragging selected text within a contenteditable region to move it to a different position does not work consistently. Sometimes the text is copied instead of moved, or the drop target is not where the mouse pointer indicates.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with multiple paragraphs.
2. Select a paragraph of text.
3. Drag it to a different position within the same contenteditable region.
4. Observe the result.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, dragging text sometimes results in copying instead of moving.
- The drop position may not match the visual indicator.
- The original selection may remain visible after the drop.

### Expected behavior

- Dragging selected text should move it to the drop position.
- The original text should be removed from its source location.
- The caret should be positioned at the drop location.
