src/content/cases/ce-0007-undo-breaks-composition.md, before:

---
id: ce-0007
scenarioId: scenario-undo-with-composition
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Undo during IME composition clears more text than expected
tags:
  - undo
  - composition
  - ime
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Pressing Undo while an IME composition is active in a `contenteditable` element removes more text
than expected, including characters that were committed before the current composition.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type a short word and finalize it.
3. Activate a Korean IME and start composing another word, but do not finalize it.
4. Press Ctrl+Z (or the platform-specific Undo shortcut).

### Observed behavior

- Both the active composition and previously committed characters are removed.
- The event log shows a sequence of `beforeinput` / `input` events that do not map cleanly to user
  intent.

### Expected behavior

- Undo reverts only the last committed edit step, or at least behaves in the same way as native
  controls in the same environment.

### Notes

- This behavior can interfere with predictable text editing and undo/redo stacks in products that
  build their own model on top of `contenteditable`.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0007-undo-breaks-composition.md, after:

---
id: ce-0007
scenarioId: scenario-undo-with-composition
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Undo during IME composition clears more text than expected
description: "Pressing Undo while an IME composition is active in a contenteditable element removes more text than expected, including characters that were committed before the current composition."
tags:
  - undo
  - composition
  - ime
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Pressing Undo while an IME composition is active in a `contenteditable` element removes more text
than expected, including characters that were committed before the current composition.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type a short word and finalize it.
3. Activate a Korean IME and start composing another word, but do not finalize it.
4. Press Ctrl+Z (or the platform-specific Undo shortcut).

### Observed behavior

- Both the active composition and previously committed characters are removed.
- The event log shows a sequence of `beforeinput` / `input` events that do not map cleanly to user
  intent.

### Expected behavior

- Undo reverts only the last committed edit step, or at least behaves in the same way as native
  controls in the same environment.

### Notes

- This behavior can interfere with predictable text editing and undo/redo stacks in products that
  build their own model on top of `contenteditable`.
