src/content/cases/ce-0093-contenteditable-with-css-backdrop-filter.md, before:

---
id: ce-0093
scenarioId: scenario-css-backdrop-filter
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "17.0"
device: iPhone
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS backdrop-filter may cause rendering issues in contenteditable
tags:
  - css-backdrop-filter
  - rendering
  - mobile
  - ios
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS `backdrop-filter` applied, rendering may be affected. Text may appear blurry, selection may not render correctly, and performance may be degraded, especially on mobile devices.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `backdrop-filter: blur(10px)`.
2. Type text and observe rendering quality.
3. Select text and observe selection rendering.
4. Scroll the contenteditable and observe performance.
5. Test on a mobile device.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on iOS, backdrop-filter may cause rendering issues.
- Text may appear blurry or distorted.
- Selection may not render correctly.
- Performance may be poor, especially on mobile.

### Expected behavior

- backdrop-filter should not affect text rendering quality.
- Selection should render correctly.
- Performance should remain acceptable.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0093-contenteditable-with-css-backdrop-filter.md, after:

---
id: ce-0093
scenarioId: scenario-css-backdrop-filter
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "17.0"
device: iPhone
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS backdrop-filter may cause rendering issues in contenteditable
description: "When a contenteditable element has CSS backdrop-filter applied, rendering may be affected. Text may appear blurry, selection may not render correctly, and performance may be degraded, especially on mobile devices."
tags:
  - css-backdrop-filter
  - rendering
  - mobile
  - ios
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS `backdrop-filter` applied, rendering may be affected. Text may appear blurry, selection may not render correctly, and performance may be degraded, especially on mobile devices.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `backdrop-filter: blur(10px)`.
2. Type text and observe rendering quality.
3. Select text and observe selection rendering.
4. Scroll the contenteditable and observe performance.
5. Test on a mobile device.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on iOS, backdrop-filter may cause rendering issues.
- Text may appear blurry or distorted.
- Selection may not render correctly.
- Performance may be poor, especially on mobile.

### Expected behavior

- backdrop-filter should not affect text rendering quality.
- Selection should render correctly.
- Performance should remain acceptable.
