src/content/cases/ce-0058-contenteditable-with-autocomplete.md, before:

---
id: ce-0058
scenarioId: scenario-autocomplete-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Autocomplete suggestions do not appear for contenteditable
tags:
  - autocomplete
  - suggestions
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Browser autocomplete suggestions (for forms, addresses, etc.) do not appear when typing in contenteditable regions, even when appropriate `autocomplete` attributes are set. This limits the usefulness of contenteditable for form-like inputs.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `autocomplete="name"`.
2. Start typing a name that has been previously entered in forms.
3. Observe whether autocomplete suggestions appear.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, autocomplete suggestions do not appear for contenteditable.
- The `autocomplete` attribute is ignored.
- Users cannot benefit from browser autocomplete features.

### Expected behavior

- Autocomplete suggestions should appear for contenteditable when appropriate attributes are set.
- The behavior should match standard input elements.
- Form-like contenteditable regions should support autocomplete.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0058-contenteditable-with-autocomplete.md, after:

---
id: ce-0058
scenarioId: scenario-autocomplete-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Autocomplete suggestions do not appear for contenteditable
description: "Browser autocomplete suggestions (for forms, addresses, etc.) do not appear when typing in contenteditable regions, even when appropriate autocomplete attributes are set. This limits the usefulness of contenteditable for form-like inputs."
tags:
  - autocomplete
  - suggestions
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Browser autocomplete suggestions (for forms, addresses, etc.) do not appear when typing in contenteditable regions, even when appropriate `autocomplete` attributes are set. This limits the usefulness of contenteditable for form-like inputs.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `autocomplete="name"`.
2. Start typing a name that has been previously entered in forms.
3. Observe whether autocomplete suggestions appear.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, autocomplete suggestions do not appear for contenteditable.
- The `autocomplete` attribute is ignored.
- Users cannot benefit from browser autocomplete features.

### Expected behavior

- Autocomplete suggestions should appear for contenteditable when appropriate attributes are set.
- The behavior should match standard input elements.
- Form-like contenteditable regions should support autocomplete.
