src/content/cases/ce-0045-insertHTML-breaks-structure.md, before:

---
id: ce-0045
scenarioId: scenario-insertHTML-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: insertHTML breaks DOM structure and formatting
tags:
  - insertHTML
  - dom
  - formatting
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using `document.execCommand('insertHTML', ...)` to insert HTML content into a contenteditable region, the DOM structure may be broken or reformatted unexpectedly. Nested elements may be flattened or reorganized.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Select a position within it.
3. Use `document.execCommand('insertHTML', false, '<p><strong>Bold text</strong></p>')`.
4. Inspect the resulting DOM structure.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, `insertHTML` may break the DOM structure.
- Nested elements may be flattened or reorganized.
- Formatting may be lost or changed unexpectedly.

### Expected behavior

- `insertHTML` should preserve the HTML structure as provided.
- Nested elements should remain nested.
- Formatting should be maintained.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0045-insertHTML-breaks-structure.md, after:

---
id: ce-0045
scenarioId: scenario-insertHTML-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: insertHTML breaks DOM structure and formatting
description: "When using document.execCommand('insertHTML', ...) to insert HTML content into a contenteditable region, the DOM structure may be broken or reformatted unexpectedly. Nested elements may be flattened or reformatted."
tags:
  - insertHTML
  - dom
  - formatting
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using `document.execCommand('insertHTML', ...)` to insert HTML content into a contenteditable region, the DOM structure may be broken or reformatted unexpectedly. Nested elements may be flattened or reorganized.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Select a position within it.
3. Use `document.execCommand('insertHTML', false, '<p><strong>Bold text</strong></p>')`.
4. Inspect the resulting DOM structure.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, `insertHTML` may break the DOM structure.
- Nested elements may be flattened or reorganized.
- Formatting may be lost or changed unexpectedly.

### Expected behavior

- `insertHTML` should preserve the HTML structure as provided.
- Nested elements should remain nested.
- Formatting should be maintained.
