src/content/cases/ce-0039-paste-table-structure-lost.md, before:

---
id: ce-0039
scenarioId: scenario-paste-formatting-loss
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting tables loses structure and formatting
tags:
  - paste
  - table
  - structure
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting table content (from Excel, Google Sheets, or HTML tables) into a contenteditable region in Firefox, the table structure is lost. The content may be pasted as plain text or lose its formatting.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy a table from Excel or Google Sheets.
2. Create a contenteditable div.
3. Paste the table content (Ctrl+V).
4. Observe the structure of the pasted content.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, table structure is not preserved.
- Table cells may be converted to plain text or lose their relationships.
- Formatting (borders, colors, alignment) is lost.

### Expected behavior

- Tables should be pasted with their structure intact (`<table>`, `<tr>`, `<td>` elements).
- Formatting should be preserved where possible.
- Or, there should be a way to control how tables are pasted.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0039-paste-table-structure-lost.md, after:

---
id: ce-0039
scenarioId: scenario-paste-formatting-loss
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting tables loses structure and formatting
description: "When pasting table content (from Excel, Google Sheets, or HTML tables) into a contenteditable region in Firefox, the table structure is lost. The content may be pasted as plain text or lose its formatting."
tags:
  - paste
  - table
  - structure
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting table content (from Excel, Google Sheets, or HTML tables) into a contenteditable region in Firefox, the table structure is lost. The content may be pasted as plain text or lose its formatting.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy a table from Excel or Google Sheets.
2. Create a contenteditable div.
3. Paste the table content (Ctrl+V).
4. Observe the structure of the pasted content.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, table structure is not preserved.
- Table cells may be converted to plain text or lose their relationships.
- Formatting (borders, colors, alignment) is lost.

### Expected behavior

- Tables should be pasted with their structure intact (`<table>`, `<tr>`, `<td>` elements).
- Formatting should be preserved where possible.
- Or, there should be a way to control how tables are pasted.
