src/content/cases/ce-0051-contenteditable-in-shadow-dom.md, before:

---
id: ce-0051
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-shadow-dom
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable does not work correctly inside Shadow DOM
tags:
  - shadow-dom
  - contenteditable
  - isolation
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside a Shadow DOM, its behavior may be broken or inconsistent. Selection, focus, and editing may not work as expected.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a custom element with Shadow DOM.
2. Inside the Shadow DOM, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to interact with the contenteditable (type, select, etc.).
4. Observe the behavior.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, contenteditable may not work correctly inside Shadow DOM.
- Selection may be broken.
- Focus may not work.
- Events may not fire correctly.

### Expected behavior

- contenteditable should work correctly inside Shadow DOM.
- Selection and focus should work as expected.
- Events should fire and bubble correctly.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0051-contenteditable-in-shadow-dom.md, after:

---
id: ce-0051
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-shadow-dom
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable does not work correctly inside Shadow DOM
description: "When a contenteditable region is inside a Shadow DOM, its behavior may be broken or inconsistent. Selection, focus, and editing may not work as expected."
tags:
  - shadow-dom
  - contenteditable
  - isolation
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside a Shadow DOM, its behavior may be broken or inconsistent. Selection, focus, and editing may not work as expected.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a custom element with Shadow DOM.
2. Inside the Shadow DOM, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to interact with the contenteditable (type, select, etc.).
4. Observe the behavior.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, contenteditable may not work correctly inside Shadow DOM.
- Selection may be broken.
- Focus may not work.
- Events may not fire correctly.

### Expected behavior

- contenteditable should work correctly inside Shadow DOM.
- Selection and focus should work as expected.
- Events should fire and bubble correctly.
