src/content/cases/ce-0023-double-line-break-chrome.md, before:

---
id: ce-0023
scenarioId: scenario-double-line-break
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pressing Enter inserts two line breaks in contenteditable
tags:
  - line-break
  - enter
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

In Chrome on macOS, pressing Enter in a contenteditable region inserts two line breaks (`<br>` elements) instead of one, causing unexpected spacing between paragraphs.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Type some text.
3. Press Enter to create a new line.
4. Observe the DOM structure.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, pressing Enter creates two `<br>` elements.
- This results in double spacing between lines.
- The behavior is inconsistent with other browsers.

### Expected behavior

- Pressing Enter should insert a single line break or create a new paragraph element.
- The spacing should be consistent with standard text editing behavior.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0023-double-line-break-chrome.md, after:

---
id: ce-0023
scenarioId: scenario-double-line-break
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pressing Enter inserts two line breaks in contenteditable
description: "In Chrome on macOS, pressing Enter in a contenteditable region inserts two line breaks (br elements) instead of one, causing unexpected spacing between paragraphs."
tags:
  - line-break
  - enter
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

In Chrome on macOS, pressing Enter in a contenteditable region inserts two line breaks (`<br>` elements) instead of one, causing unexpected spacing between paragraphs.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Type some text.
3. Press Enter to create a new line.
4. Observe the DOM structure.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, pressing Enter creates two `<br>` elements.
- This results in double spacing between lines.
- The behavior is inconsistent with other browsers.

### Expected behavior

- Pressing Enter should insert a single line break or create a new paragraph element.
- The spacing should be consistent with standard text editing behavior.
