src/content/cases/ce-0085-contenteditable-with-file-api.md, before:

---
id: ce-0085
scenarioId: scenario-file-api
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: File API drag and drop does not work in contenteditable
tags:
  - file-api
  - drag-drop
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When trying to drag and drop files into a contenteditable element, the File API may not work as expected. File drop events may not fire, or file content may not be accessible.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Try to drag a file from the file system into the contenteditable.
3. Listen for drop events and try to read file content.
4. Observe whether files can be dropped and accessed.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, file drag and drop may not work in contenteditable.
- Drop events may not fire for files.
- File content may not be accessible.
- The default paste behavior may interfere.

### Expected behavior

- File drag and drop should work in contenteditable.
- Drop events should fire correctly.
- File content should be accessible via File API.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0085-contenteditable-with-file-api.md, after:

---
id: ce-0085
scenarioId: scenario-file-api
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: File API drag and drop does not work in contenteditable
description: "When trying to drag and drop files into a contenteditable element, the File API may not work as expected. File drop events may not fire, or file content may not be accessible."
tags:
  - file-api
  - drag-drop
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When trying to drag and drop files into a contenteditable element, the File API may not work as expected. File drop events may not fire, or file content may not be accessible.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Try to drag a file from the file system into the contenteditable.
3. Listen for drop events and try to read file content.
4. Observe whether files can be dropped and accessed.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, file drag and drop may not work in contenteditable.
- Drop events may not fire for files.
- File content may not be accessible.
- The default paste behavior may interfere.

### Expected behavior

- File drag and drop should work in contenteditable.
- Drop events should fire correctly.
- File content should be accessible via File API.
