src/content/cases/ce-0067-contenteditable-with-form.md, before:

---
id: ce-0067
scenarioId: scenario-form-integration
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable content is not included in form submission
tags:
  - form
  - submission
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside a `<form>`, its content is not automatically included in form submission. Unlike `<input>` and `<textarea>`, contenteditable content must be manually extracted and added to the form data.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a form with a contenteditable div inside it.
2. Enter some content in the contenteditable.
3. Submit the form.
4. Inspect the form data to see if contenteditable content is included.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, contenteditable content is not included in form submission.
- The content must be manually extracted and added.
- No automatic form integration exists.

### Expected behavior

- Contenteditable content should be included in form submission.
- Or, there should be a standard way to associate contenteditable with form fields.
- Form integration should work seamlessly.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0067-contenteditable-with-form.md, after:

---
id: ce-0067
scenarioId: scenario-form-integration
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable content is not included in form submission
description: "When a contenteditable region is inside a form, its content is not automatically included in form submission. Unlike input and textarea, contenteditable content must be manually extracted and added to the form data."
tags:
  - form
  - submission
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside a `<form>`, its content is not automatically included in form submission. Unlike `<input>` and `<textarea>`, contenteditable content must be manually extracted and added to the form data.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a form with a contenteditable div inside it.
2. Enter some content in the contenteditable.
3. Submit the form.
4. Inspect the form data to see if contenteditable content is included.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, contenteditable content is not included in form submission.
- The content must be manually extracted and added.
- No automatic form integration exists.

### Expected behavior

- Contenteditable content should be included in form submission.
- Or, there should be a standard way to associate contenteditable with form fields.
- Form integration should work seamlessly.
