src/content/cases/ce-0065-contenteditable-with-readonly.md, before:

---
id: ce-0065
scenarioId: scenario-readonly-attribute
locale: en
os: Linux
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: readonly attribute does not prevent editing in contenteditable
tags:
  - readonly
  - editing
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `readonly` attribute, which should prevent editing on form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions in Firefox. Users can still edit the content even when `readonly` is set.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `readonly` attribute.
2. Try to edit the content.
3. Observe whether editing is prevented.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Linux, the `readonly` attribute does not prevent editing.
- Users can still modify content.
- The attribute is ignored.

### Expected behavior

- The `readonly` attribute should prevent editing on contenteditable.
- Content should be view-only when `readonly` is set.
- Behavior should match standard input elements.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0065-contenteditable-with-readonly.md, after:

---
id: ce-0065
scenarioId: scenario-readonly-attribute
locale: en
os: Linux
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: readonly attribute does not prevent editing in contenteditable
description: "The readonly attribute, which should prevent editing on form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions in Firefox. Users can still edit the content even when readonly is set."
tags:
  - readonly
  - editing
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `readonly` attribute, which should prevent editing on form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions in Firefox. Users can still edit the content even when `readonly` is set.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `readonly` attribute.
2. Try to edit the content.
3. Observe whether editing is prevented.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Linux, the `readonly` attribute does not prevent editing.
- Users can still modify content.
- The attribute is ignored.

### Expected behavior

- The `readonly` attribute should prevent editing on contenteditable.
- Content should be view-only when `readonly` is set.
- Behavior should match standard input elements.
