src/content/cases/ce-0028-mobile-touch-focus.md, before:

---
id: ce-0028
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Touch events interfere with contenteditable focus on mobile
tags:
  - mobile
  - touch
  - focus
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On iOS Safari, touch events (tap, long-press) on a contenteditable region may not properly focus the element. The virtual keyboard may not appear, or focus may be lost unexpectedly.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a contenteditable region on iOS Safari.
2. Tap on the contenteditable area.
3. Observe whether the element receives focus and the keyboard appears.
4. Try long-pressing to select text.

### Observed behavior

- In iOS Safari, tapping may not focus the contenteditable.
- The virtual keyboard may not appear.
- Long-press for text selection may trigger browser context menu instead.
- Focus may be lost when interacting with other page elements.

### Expected behavior

- Tapping should focus the contenteditable and show the virtual keyboard.
- Long-press should allow text selection.
- Focus should be maintained during normal editing operations.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0028-mobile-touch-focus.md, after:

---
id: ce-0028
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Touch events interfere with contenteditable focus on mobile
description: "On iOS Safari, touch events (tap, long-press) on a contenteditable region may not properly focus the element. The virtual keyboard may not appear, or focus may be lost unexpectedly."
tags:
  - mobile
  - touch
  - focus
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On iOS Safari, touch events (tap, long-press) on a contenteditable region may not properly focus the element. The virtual keyboard may not appear, or focus may be lost unexpectedly.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a contenteditable region on iOS Safari.
2. Tap on the contenteditable area.
3. Observe whether the element receives focus and the keyboard appears.
4. Try long-pressing to select text.

### Observed behavior

- In iOS Safari, tapping may not focus the contenteditable.
- The virtual keyboard may not appear.
- Long-press for text selection may trigger browser context menu instead.
- Focus may be lost when interacting with other page elements.

### Expected behavior

- Tapping should focus the contenteditable and show the virtual keyboard.
- Long-press should allow text selection.
- Focus should be maintained during normal editing operations.
