src/content/cases/ce-0057-contenteditable-with-maxlength.md, before:

---
id: ce-0057
scenarioId: scenario-maxlength-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: maxlength attribute is not supported on contenteditable
tags:
  - maxlength
  - validation
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `maxlength` attribute, which works on `<input>` and `<textarea>` elements, is not supported on contenteditable regions. There is no built-in way to limit the amount of content that can be entered.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `maxlength="100"`.
2. Try to type more than 100 characters.
3. Observe whether the input is limited.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, the `maxlength` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- Users can enter unlimited content.
- No built-in validation or limitation exists.

### Expected behavior

- The `maxlength` attribute should be supported on contenteditable.
- Input should be limited to the specified length.
- Or, there should be a standard way to limit content length.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0057-contenteditable-with-maxlength.md, after:

---
id: ce-0057
scenarioId: scenario-maxlength-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: maxlength attribute is not supported on contenteditable
description: "The maxlength attribute, which works on input and textarea elements, is not supported on contenteditable regions. There is no built-in way to limit the amount of content that can be entered."
tags:
  - maxlength
  - validation
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `maxlength` attribute, which works on `<input>` and `<textarea>` elements, is not supported on contenteditable regions. There is no built-in way to limit the amount of content that can be entered.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `maxlength="100"`.
2. Try to type more than 100 characters.
3. Observe whether the input is limited.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, the `maxlength` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- Users can enter unlimited content.
- No built-in validation or limitation exists.

### Expected behavior

- The `maxlength` attribute should be supported on contenteditable.
- Input should be limited to the specified length.
- Or, there should be a standard way to limit content length.
