src/content/cases/ce-0060-contenteditable-with-dir.md, before:

---
id: ce-0060
scenarioId: scenario-text-direction
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Arabic
caseTitle: Text direction (dir attribute) changes are not applied during editing
tags:
  - direction
  - rtl
  - ltr
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When the `dir` attribute is changed dynamically on a contenteditable region (e.g., switching between `ltr` and `rtl`), the text direction may not update correctly during active editing in Firefox. The caret position and text flow may be incorrect.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `dir="ltr"`.
2. Start typing some text.
3. Change `dir` to `"rtl"` programmatically.
4. Continue typing.
5. Observe the text direction and caret position.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, changing `dir` during editing may not take effect immediately.
- The caret position may be incorrect.
- Text flow may not update properly.

### Expected behavior

- The `dir` attribute should update text direction immediately.
- Caret position should adjust correctly.
- Text flow should reflect the new direction.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0060-contenteditable-with-dir.md, after:

---
id: ce-0060
scenarioId: scenario-text-direction
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Arabic
caseTitle: Text direction (dir attribute) changes are not applied during editing
description: "When the dir attribute is changed dynamically on a contenteditable region (e.g., switching between ltr and rtl), the text direction may not update correctly during active editing in Firefox."
tags:
  - direction
  - rtl
  - ltr
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When the `dir` attribute is changed dynamically on a contenteditable region (e.g., switching between `ltr` and `rtl`), the text direction may not update correctly during active editing in Firefox. The caret position and text flow may be incorrect.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `dir="ltr"`.
2. Start typing some text.
3. Change `dir` to `"rtl"` programmatically.
4. Continue typing.
5. Observe the text direction and caret position.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, changing `dir` during editing may not take effect immediately.
- The caret position may be incorrect.
- Text flow may not update properly.

### Expected behavior

- The `dir` attribute should update text direction immediately.
- Caret position should adjust correctly.
- Text flow should reflect the new direction.
