src/content/cases/ce-0027-copy-selection-lost.md, before:

---
id: ce-0027
scenarioId: scenario-copy-selection-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Selection is lost after copying content in contenteditable
tags:
  - copy
  - selection
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

After copying selected text in a contenteditable region using Cmd+C, the selection is lost in Safari. The user must re-select the text to perform additional operations.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with some text.
2. Select a portion of text.
3. Copy the selection (Cmd+C).
4. Observe whether the selection remains.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the selection is lost after copying.
- The caret may move to an unexpected position.
- The user must manually re-select text to continue editing.

### Expected behavior

- The selection should remain after copying.
- The user should be able to continue working with the selected text.
- Or, the caret should be positioned predictably after the copy operation.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0027-copy-selection-lost.md, after:

---
id: ce-0027
scenarioId: scenario-copy-selection-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Selection is lost after copying content in contenteditable
description: "After copying selected text in a contenteditable region using Cmd+C, the selection is lost in Safari. The user must re-select the text to perform additional operations."
tags:
  - copy
  - selection
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

After copying selected text in a contenteditable region using Cmd+C, the selection is lost in Safari. The user must re-select the text to perform additional operations.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with some text.
2. Select a portion of text.
3. Copy the selection (Cmd+C).
4. Observe whether the selection remains.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the selection is lost after copying.
- The caret may move to an unexpected position.
- The user must manually re-select text to continue editing.

### Expected behavior

- The selection should remain after copying.
- The user should be able to continue working with the selected text.
- Or, the caret should be positioned predictably after the copy operation.
