src/content/cases/ce-0012-caret-jumps-on-paste.md, before:

---
id: ce-0012
scenarioId: scenario-caret-position-after-paste
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Caret position jumps unexpectedly after pasting content
tags:
  - paste
  - caret
  - position
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

After pasting content into a contenteditable region, the caret position does not end up at the expected location, sometimes jumping to the beginning of the pasted content or to an unexpected position.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with some existing text.
2. Place the caret in the middle of the text.
3. Paste content (Ctrl+V or Cmd+V).
4. Observe the final caret position.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, the caret sometimes ends up at the start of the pasted content instead of after it.
- The selection range after paste is inconsistent.

### Expected behavior

- The caret should be positioned immediately after the pasted content.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0012-caret-jumps-on-paste.md, after:

---
id: ce-0012
scenarioId: scenario-caret-position-after-paste
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Caret position jumps unexpectedly after pasting content
description: "After pasting content into a contenteditable region, the caret position does not end up at the expected location, sometimes jumping to the beginning of the pasted content or to an unexpected position."
tags:
  - paste
  - caret
  - position
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

After pasting content into a contenteditable region, the caret position does not end up at the expected location, sometimes jumping to the beginning of the pasted content or to an unexpected position.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with some existing text.
2. Place the caret in the middle of the text.
3. Paste content (Ctrl+V or Cmd+V).
4. Observe the final caret position.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, the caret sometimes ends up at the start of the pasted content instead of after it.
- The selection range after paste is inconsistent.

### Expected behavior

- The caret should be positioned immediately after the pasted content.
