src/content/cases/ce-0084-contenteditable-with-clipboard-api.md, before:

---
id: ce-0084
scenarioId: scenario-clipboard-api
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Clipboard API read/write works inconsistently with contenteditable
tags:
  - clipboard-api
  - paste
  - firefox
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using the Clipboard API (navigator.clipboard.readText/writeText) with contenteditable elements, the behavior may be inconsistent. Reading clipboard content may not work during paste events, and writing to clipboard may not preserve formatting.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Listen for paste events.
3. Try to read clipboard content using Clipboard API.
4. Try to write formatted content to clipboard.
5. Observe any errors or inconsistencies.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, Clipboard API may not work correctly with contenteditable.
- Reading clipboard during paste may require user gesture.
- Writing formatted content may not preserve HTML.
- Permissions may be required inconsistently.

### Expected behavior

- Clipboard API should work seamlessly with contenteditable.
- Reading should work during paste events.
- Writing should preserve formatting when appropriate.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0084-contenteditable-with-clipboard-api.md, after:

---
id: ce-0084
scenarioId: scenario-clipboard-api
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Clipboard API read/write works inconsistently with contenteditable
description: "When using the Clipboard API (navigator.clipboard.readText/writeText) with contenteditable elements, the behavior may be inconsistent. Reading clipboard content may not work during paste events, an"
tags:
  - clipboard-api
  - paste
  - firefox
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using the Clipboard API (navigator.clipboard.readText/writeText) with contenteditable elements, the behavior may be inconsistent. Reading clipboard content may not work during paste events, and writing to clipboard may not preserve formatting.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Listen for paste events.
3. Try to read clipboard content using Clipboard API.
4. Try to write formatted content to clipboard.
5. Observe any errors or inconsistencies.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, Clipboard API may not work correctly with contenteditable.
- Reading clipboard during paste may require user gesture.
- Writing formatted content may not preserve HTML.
- Permissions may be required inconsistently.

### Expected behavior

- Clipboard API should work seamlessly with contenteditable.
- Reading should work during paste events.
- Writing should preserve formatting when appropriate.
