src/content/cases/ce-0019-paste-plain-text-only.md, before:

---
id: ce-0019
scenarioId: scenario-paste-plain-text
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting rich text inserts unwanted formatting
tags:
  - paste
  - formatting
  - plain-text
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting content from external sources (like Word documents or web pages) into a contenteditable region, unwanted formatting is often included. There is no simple way to paste as plain text without manually stripping the formatting.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy formatted text from a Word document or web page (with bold, colors, fonts, etc.).
2. Paste it into a contenteditable div.
3. Observe that all the formatting is included.

### Observed behavior

- Safari pastes rich text with all formatting by default.
- There is no built-in "Paste as plain text" option.
- Manual intervention is required to strip formatting.

### Expected behavior

- There should be a way to paste as plain text (e.g., Cmd+Shift+V or a context menu option).
- The paste behavior should be controllable by the application.
- The `beforeinput` event should allow intercepting and modifying paste operations.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0019-paste-plain-text-only.md, after:

---
id: ce-0019
scenarioId: scenario-paste-plain-text
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting rich text inserts unwanted formatting
description: "When pasting content from external sources (like Word documents or web pages) into a contenteditable region, unwanted formatting is often included. There is no simple way to paste as plain text wit"
tags:
  - paste
  - formatting
  - plain-text
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting content from external sources (like Word documents or web pages) into a contenteditable region, unwanted formatting is often included. There is no simple way to paste as plain text without manually stripping the formatting.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy formatted text from a Word document or web page (with bold, colors, fonts, etc.).
2. Paste it into a contenteditable div.
3. Observe that all the formatting is included.

### Observed behavior

- Safari pastes rich text with all formatting by default.
- There is no built-in "Paste as plain text" option.
- Manual intervention is required to strip formatting.

### Expected behavior

- There should be a way to paste as plain text (e.g., Cmd+Shift+V or a context menu option).
- The paste behavior should be controllable by the application.
- The `beforeinput` event should allow intercepting and modifying paste operations.
