src/content/cases/ce-0094-contenteditable-with-css-mix-blend-mode.md, before:

---
id: ce-0094
scenarioId: scenario-css-mix-blend-mode
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS mix-blend-mode may affect contenteditable text rendering
tags:
  - css-mix-blend-mode
  - rendering
  - firefox
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS `mix-blend-mode` applied, text rendering may be affected. Text may appear with incorrect colors, selection may not be visible, and caret may not render correctly.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `mix-blend-mode: multiply` over a colored background.
2. Type text and observe color rendering.
3. Select text and observe selection visibility.
4. Observe caret rendering.
5. Compare with a contenteditable without mix-blend-mode.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, mix-blend-mode may affect text rendering.
- Text colors may be incorrect.
- Selection may not be visible.
- Caret may not render correctly.

### Expected behavior

- mix-blend-mode should not affect text readability.
- Selection should be visible.
- Caret should render correctly.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0094-contenteditable-with-css-mix-blend-mode.md, after:

---
id: ce-0094
scenarioId: scenario-css-mix-blend-mode
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS mix-blend-mode may affect contenteditable text rendering
description: "When a contenteditable element has CSS mix-blend-mode applied, text rendering may be affected. Text may appear with incorrect colors, selection may not be visible, and caret may not render correctly."
tags:
  - css-mix-blend-mode
  - rendering
  - firefox
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS `mix-blend-mode` applied, text rendering may be affected. Text may appear with incorrect colors, selection may not be visible, and caret may not render correctly.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `mix-blend-mode: multiply` over a colored background.
2. Type text and observe color rendering.
3. Select text and observe selection visibility.
4. Observe caret rendering.
5. Compare with a contenteditable without mix-blend-mode.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, mix-blend-mode may affect text rendering.
- Text colors may be incorrect.
- Selection may not be visible.
- Caret may not render correctly.

### Expected behavior

- mix-blend-mode should not affect text readability.
- Selection should be visible.
- Caret should render correctly.
