src/content/cases/ce-0066-contenteditable-with-disabled.md, before:

---
id: ce-0066
scenarioId: scenario-disabled-attribute
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: disabled attribute does not disable contenteditable
tags:
  - disabled
  - editing
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `disabled` attribute, which disables form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions in Safari. The contenteditable remains editable and interactive even when `disabled` is set.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `disabled` attribute.
2. Try to focus and edit the content.
3. Observe whether the element is disabled.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the `disabled` attribute does not disable contenteditable.
- The element remains editable and focusable.
- The attribute is ignored.

### Expected behavior

- The `disabled` attribute should disable contenteditable.
- The element should not be editable or focusable when disabled.
- Behavior should match standard input elements.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0066-contenteditable-with-disabled.md, after:

---
id: ce-0066
scenarioId: scenario-disabled-attribute
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: disabled attribute does not disable contenteditable
description: "The disabled attribute, which disables form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions in Safari. The contenteditable remains editable and interactive even when disabled is set."
tags:
  - disabled
  - editing
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `disabled` attribute, which disables form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions in Safari. The contenteditable remains editable and interactive even when `disabled` is set.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `disabled` attribute.
2. Try to focus and edit the content.
3. Observe whether the element is disabled.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the `disabled` attribute does not disable contenteditable.
- The element remains editable and focusable.
- The attribute is ignored.

### Expected behavior

- The `disabled` attribute should disable contenteditable.
- The element should not be editable or focusable when disabled.
- Behavior should match standard input elements.
