src/content/cases/ce-0008-selection-collapses-on-click-outside.md, before:

---
id: ce-0008
scenarioId: scenario-selection-collapse-on-blur
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Selection collapses unexpectedly when clicking outside contenteditable
tags:
  - selection
  - caret
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a range of text is selected inside a `contenteditable` element, clicking outside the element
collapses the selection to a caret position inside the editable region instead of clearing the
selection entirely.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type a few words across multiple lines.
3. Drag to select part of a line or multiple lines.
4. Click outside the editable area, for example on the page background.

### Observed behavior

- The selection collapses to a single caret position inside the editable element.
- The range is not cleared, which can cause confusion for users relying on visual feedback.

### Expected behavior

- The selection is cleared entirely when the element loses focus, or at least behaves similarly to
  native text fields in the same browser and OS combination.

### Notes

- This behavior can affect keyboard shortcuts (for example, copy or delete) if they are bound to
  the selection state.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0008-selection-collapses-on-click-outside.md, after:

---
id: ce-0008
scenarioId: scenario-selection-collapse-on-blur
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Selection collapses unexpectedly when clicking outside contenteditable
description: "When a range of text is selected inside a contenteditable element, clicking outside the element collapses the selection to a caret position inside the editable region instead of clearing the selection entirely."
tags:
  - selection
  - caret
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a range of text is selected inside a `contenteditable` element, clicking outside the element
collapses the selection to a caret position inside the editable region instead of clearing the
selection entirely.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type a few words across multiple lines.
3. Drag to select part of a line or multiple lines.
4. Click outside the editable area, for example on the page background.

### Observed behavior

- The selection collapses to a single caret position inside the editable element.
- The range is not cleared, which can cause confusion for users relying on visual feedback.

### Expected behavior

- The selection is cleared entirely when the element loses focus, or at least behaves similarly to
  native text fields in the same browser and OS combination.

### Notes

- This behavior can affect keyboard shortcuts (for example, copy or delete) if they are bound to
  the selection state.
