src/content/cases/ce-0075-contenteditable-with-xss-protection.md, before:

---
id: ce-0075
scenarioId: scenario-xss-protection
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: XSS protection may interfere with contenteditable HTML insertion
tags:
  - xss
  - security
  - edge
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Browser XSS protection mechanisms may interfere with programmatic HTML insertion in contenteditable elements. Script tags or event handlers inserted via innerHTML or similar methods may be stripped or sanitized.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Try to insert HTML with script tags or event handlers programmatically.
3. Observe whether the HTML is inserted as-is or sanitized.
4. Check if script execution is blocked.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, XSS protection may strip script tags from inserted HTML.
- Event handlers may be removed from attributes.
- Some HTML may be sanitized automatically.
- Behavior may differ from standard DOM manipulation.

### Expected behavior

- XSS protection should work transparently.
- Or, there should be clear documentation on what is allowed.
- Sanitization should be consistent and predictable.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0075-contenteditable-with-xss-protection.md, after:

---
id: ce-0075
scenarioId: scenario-xss-protection
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: XSS protection may interfere with contenteditable HTML insertion
description: "Browser XSS protection mechanisms may interfere with programmatic HTML insertion in contenteditable elements. Script tags or event handlers inserted via innerHTML or similar methods may be stripped"
tags:
  - xss
  - security
  - edge
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

Browser XSS protection mechanisms may interfere with programmatic HTML insertion in contenteditable elements. Script tags or event handlers inserted via innerHTML or similar methods may be stripped or sanitized.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Try to insert HTML with script tags or event handlers programmatically.
3. Observe whether the HTML is inserted as-is or sanitized.
4. Check if script execution is blocked.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, XSS protection may strip script tags from inserted HTML.
- Event handlers may be removed from attributes.
- Some HTML may be sanitized automatically.
- Behavior may differ from standard DOM manipulation.

### Expected behavior

- XSS protection should work transparently.
- Or, there should be clear documentation on what is allowed.
- Sanitization should be consistent and predictable.
