src/content/cases/ce-0069-contenteditable-with-autofocus.md, before:

---
id: ce-0069
scenarioId: scenario-autofocus-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: autofocus attribute does not work on contenteditable
tags:
  - autofocus
  - focus
  - chrome
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `autofocus` attribute, which automatically focuses form inputs on page load, does not work on contenteditable elements. There is no built-in way to automatically focus a contenteditable region when a page loads.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `autofocus` attribute.
2. Load the page.
3. Observe whether the contenteditable receives focus automatically.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, the `autofocus` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- The contenteditable does not receive focus automatically.
- Manual JavaScript focus() call is required.

### Expected behavior

- The `autofocus` attribute should work on contenteditable.
- Or, there should be a standard way to auto-focus contenteditable regions.
- Focus should be handled consistently with form inputs.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0069-contenteditable-with-autofocus.md, after:

---
id: ce-0069
scenarioId: scenario-autofocus-behavior
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: autofocus attribute does not work on contenteditable
description: "The autofocus attribute, which automatically focuses form inputs on page load, does not work on contenteditable elements. There is no built-in way to automatically focus a contenteditable region on page load."
tags:
  - autofocus
  - focus
  - chrome
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `autofocus` attribute, which automatically focuses form inputs on page load, does not work on contenteditable elements. There is no built-in way to automatically focus a contenteditable region when a page loads.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `autofocus` attribute.
2. Load the page.
3. Observe whether the contenteditable receives focus automatically.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, the `autofocus` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- The contenteditable does not receive focus automatically.
- Manual JavaScript focus() call is required.

### Expected behavior

- The `autofocus` attribute should work on contenteditable.
- Or, there should be a standard way to auto-focus contenteditable regions.
- Focus should be handled consistently with form inputs.
