src/content/cases/ce-0054-contenteditable-with-aria.md, before:

---
id: ce-0054
scenarioId: scenario-accessibility-aria
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: ARIA attributes on contenteditable are not properly announced
tags:
  - accessibility
  - aria
  - screen-reader
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When ARIA attributes (like `role`, `aria-label`, `aria-describedby`) are applied to contenteditable regions, screen readers may not properly announce them in Safari. The accessibility information is lost.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with ARIA attributes:
   ```html
   <div contenteditable role="textbox" aria-label="Editor" aria-describedby="help-text">
     Content here
   </div>
   ```
2. Enable VoiceOver.
3. Navigate to the contenteditable.
4. Observe what is announced.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, ARIA attributes may not be announced by screen readers.
- The role and label information is lost.
- Users relying on screen readers may not understand the purpose of the element.

### Expected behavior

- ARIA attributes should be properly announced by screen readers.
- Role, label, and description should be communicated.
- The element should be accessible to assistive technologies.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0054-contenteditable-with-aria.md, after:

---
id: ce-0054
scenarioId: scenario-accessibility-aria
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: ARIA attributes on contenteditable are not properly announced
description: "When ARIA attributes (like role, aria-label, aria-describedby) are applied to contenteditable regions, screen readers may not properly announce them in Safari. The accessibility information is not conveyed to users."
tags:
  - accessibility
  - aria
  - screen-reader
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When ARIA attributes (like `role`, `aria-label`, `aria-describedby`) are applied to contenteditable regions, screen readers may not properly announce them in Safari. The accessibility information is lost.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with ARIA attributes:
   ```html
   <div contenteditable role="textbox" aria-label="Editor" aria-describedby="help-text">
     Content here
   </div>
   ```
2. Enable VoiceOver.
3. Navigate to the contenteditable.
4. Observe what is announced.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, ARIA attributes may not be announced by screen readers.
- The role and label information is lost.
- Users relying on screen readers may not understand the purpose of the element.

### Expected behavior

- ARIA attributes should be properly announced by screen readers.
- Role, label, and description should be communicated.
- The element should be accessible to assistive technologies.
