src/content/cases/ce-0006-paste-strips-markup.md, before:

---
id: ce-0006
scenarioId: scenario-paste-formatting-loss
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting rich text into contenteditable strips markup unexpectedly
tags:
  - paste
  - clipboard
  - formatting
status: draft
domSteps:
  - label: "Clipboard"
    html: '<h3>Title</h3><ul><li><strong>Bold</strong></li><li><em>Italic</em></li></ul>'
    description: "복사한 서식 있는 콘텐츠"
  - label: "❌ After Paste"
    html: 'Title<br>Bold<br>Italic'
    description: "서식 손실, 텍스트만 남음"
  - label: "✅ Expected"
    html: '<h3>Title</h3><ul><li><strong>Bold</strong></li><li><em>Italic</em></li></ul>'
    description: "서식 유지"
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting content from a rich text source (such as a word processor or a web page) into a
`contenteditable` element, the resulting DOM loses headings, lists, or inline formatting that were
present in the source.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy a short formatted snippet from another application or web page:
   - A heading
   - A bulleted or numbered list
   - A line with bold or italic text
2. Focus the editable area.
3. Paste the content using the keyboard shortcut or context menu.

### Observed behavior

- The pasted content appears as plain text.
- List markers become plain characters, or multiple lines collapse into one.
- Inline styles such as bold or italic are not preserved in the DOM.

### Expected behavior

- At least some structural markup (headings, lists, paragraphs) is preserved.
- Inline formatting is preserved or deliberately normalized in a documented way.

### Notes

- Compare behavior across browsers and OS combinations using the same source content.
- Decide whether the product should preserve external markup, normalize it to a limited internal
  model, or always strip it to plain text.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0006-paste-strips-markup.md, after:

---
id: ce-0006
scenarioId: scenario-paste-formatting-loss
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pasting rich text into contenteditable strips markup unexpectedly
description: "When pasting content from a rich text source (such as a word processor or a web page) into a contenteditable element, the resulting DOM loses headings, lists, or inline formatting that were present in the source."
tags:
  - paste
  - clipboard
  - formatting
status: draft
domSteps:
  - label: "Clipboard"
    html: '<h3>Title</h3><ul><li><strong>Bold</strong></li><li><em>Italic</em></li></ul>'
    description: "복사한 서식 있는 콘텐츠"
  - label: "❌ After Paste"
    html: 'Title<br>Bold<br>Italic'
    description: "서식 손실, 텍스트만 남음"
  - label: "✅ Expected"
    html: '<h3>Title</h3><ul><li><strong>Bold</strong></li><li><em>Italic</em></li></ul>'
    description: "서식 유지"
---

### Phenomenon

When pasting content from a rich text source (such as a word processor or a web page) into a
`contenteditable` element, the resulting DOM loses headings, lists, or inline formatting that were
present in the source.

### Reproduction example

1. Copy a short formatted snippet from another application or web page:
   - A heading
   - A bulleted or numbered list
   - A line with bold or italic text
2. Focus the editable area.
3. Paste the content using the keyboard shortcut or context menu.

### Observed behavior

- The pasted content appears as plain text.
- List markers become plain characters, or multiple lines collapse into one.
- Inline styles such as bold or italic are not preserved in the DOM.

### Expected behavior

- At least some structural markup (headings, lists, paragraphs) is preserved.
- Inline formatting is preserved or deliberately normalized in a documented way.

### Notes

- Compare behavior across browsers and OS combinations using the same source content.
- Decide whether the product should preserve external markup, normalize it to a limited internal
  model, or always strip it to plain text.
