src/content/cases/ce-0010-space-lost-during-composition.md, before:

---
id: ce-0010
scenarioId: scenario-space-during-composition
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Space key during composition is ignored or committed inconsistently
tags:
  - composition
  - ime
  - space
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

While composing text with a Korean IME in a `contenteditable` element, pressing the Space key is
either ignored or commits the composition in an inconsistent way compared to native text controls.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Activate a Korean IME.
3. Start composing a word but do not finalize it.
4. Press Space one or more times.

### Observed behavior

- The Space key sometimes does not insert a visible space.
- In some sequences, the composition is committed and a space is inserted, but the order of events
  differs from native controls.

### Expected behavior

- Space behaves consistently across `contenteditable` and native text inputs in the same
  environment, or any difference is clearly documented.

### Notes

- This behavior can affect how products interpret word boundaries and trigger autocomplete or
  suggestion features.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0010-space-lost-during-composition.md, after:

---
id: ce-0010
scenarioId: scenario-space-during-composition
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Space key during composition is ignored or committed inconsistently
description: "While composing text with a Korean IME in a contenteditable element, pressing the Space key is either ignored or commits the composition in an inconsistent way compared to native text controls."
tags:
  - composition
  - ime
  - space
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

While composing text with a Korean IME in a `contenteditable` element, pressing the Space key is
either ignored or commits the composition in an inconsistent way compared to native text controls.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Activate a Korean IME.
3. Start composing a word but do not finalize it.
4. Press Space one or more times.

### Observed behavior

- The Space key sometimes does not insert a visible space.
- In some sequences, the composition is committed and a space is inserted, but the order of events
  differs from native controls.

### Expected behavior

- Space behaves consistently across `contenteditable` and native text inputs in the same
  environment, or any difference is clearly documented.

### Notes

- This behavior can affect how products interpret word boundaries and trigger autocomplete or
  suggestion features.
