src/content/cases/ce-0048-contenteditable-in-iframe.md, before:

---
id: ce-0048
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-iframe
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable behavior differs when inside an iframe
tags:
  - iframe
  - contenteditable
  - isolation
  - edge
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside an iframe, its behavior may differ from when it's in the main document. Selection, focus, and event handling may be inconsistent.

### Reproduction example

1. Create an iframe.
2. Inside the iframe, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to interact with the contenteditable (type, select, etc.).
4. Compare the behavior with a contenteditable in the main document.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, contenteditable behavior differs inside iframes.
- Selection may not work correctly.
- Focus handling may be inconsistent.
- Events may not bubble correctly.

### Expected behavior

- contenteditable should behave identically whether in the main document or an iframe.
- Selection and focus should work consistently.
- Events should behave as expected.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0048-contenteditable-in-iframe.md, after:

---
id: ce-0048
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-iframe
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable behavior differs when inside an iframe
description: "When a contenteditable region is inside an iframe, its behavior may differ from when it's in the main document. Selection, focus, and event handling may be inconsistent."
tags:
  - iframe
  - contenteditable
  - isolation
  - edge
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region is inside an iframe, its behavior may differ from when it's in the main document. Selection, focus, and event handling may be inconsistent.

### Reproduction example

1. Create an iframe.
2. Inside the iframe, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to interact with the contenteditable (type, select, etc.).
4. Compare the behavior with a contenteditable in the main document.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, contenteditable behavior differs inside iframes.
- Selection may not work correctly.
- Focus handling may be inconsistent.
- Events may not bubble correctly.

### Expected behavior

- contenteditable should behave identically whether in the main document or an iframe.
- Selection and focus should work consistently.
- Events should behave as expected.
