src/content/cases/ce-0003-double-line-break.md, before:

---
id: ce-0003
scenarioId: scenario-double-line-break
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pressing Enter inserts two line breaks in contenteditable
tags:
  - enter
  - newline
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

In a plain `contenteditable` element, pressing Enter inserts two visible line breaks instead of one.
The resulting DOM contains nested `<div>` or `<br>` elements that render as an extra blank line.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type a short word on the first line.
3. Press Enter once.
4. Type another word on what appears to be the second line.

### Observed behavior

- The visual gap between the lines is larger than a single line height.
- Inspecting the DOM shows two consecutive block-level containers or a sequence of `<br>` elements
  that corresponds to two line breaks.

### Expected behavior

- Pressing Enter once inserts a single paragraph break.

### Notes and possible direction for workarounds

- Check whether the browser uses `<div>`, `<p>`, or `<br>` to represent paragraph breaks in this
  configuration.
- Adjust CSS line-height and margins to verify whether the effect comes from DOM structure or
  styling.
- For products that must normalize the markup, consider translating the native structure into a
  controlled model (for example, a single `<p>` per line) before storing or diffing the content.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0003-double-line-break.md, after:

---
id: ce-0003
scenarioId: scenario-double-line-break
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Pressing Enter inserts two line breaks in contenteditable
description: "In a plain contenteditable element, pressing Enter inserts two visible line breaks instead of one. The resulting DOM contains nested div or br elements that render as an extra blank line."
tags:
  - enter
  - newline
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

In a plain `contenteditable` element, pressing Enter inserts two visible line breaks instead of one.
The resulting DOM contains nested `<div>` or `<br>` elements that render as an extra blank line.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type a short word on the first line.
3. Press Enter once.
4. Type another word on what appears to be the second line.

### Observed behavior

- The visual gap between the lines is larger than a single line height.
- Inspecting the DOM shows two consecutive block-level containers or a sequence of `<br>` elements
  that corresponds to two line breaks.

### Expected behavior

- Pressing Enter once inserts a single paragraph break.

### Notes and possible direction for workarounds

- Check whether the browser uses `<div>`, `<p>`, or `<br>` to represent paragraph breaks in this
  configuration.
- Adjust CSS line-height and margins to verify whether the effect comes from DOM structure or
  styling.
- For products that must normalize the markup, consider translating the native structure into a
  controlled model (for example, a single `<p>` per line) before storing or diffing the content.
