src/content/cases/ce-0077-contenteditable-with-web-components.md, before:

---
id: ce-0077
scenarioId: scenario-web-components-integration
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable behavior differs inside Web Components
tags:
  - web-components
  - custom-elements
  - chrome
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element is inside a Web Component (custom element), its behavior may differ from when it's in standard HTML. Event handling, selection, and focus management may be affected by the component's shadow DOM or encapsulation.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a custom Web Component.
2. Inside the component, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to interact with the contenteditable (type, select, etc.).
4. Observe event handling and selection behavior.
5. Compare with a contenteditable outside the component.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, contenteditable behavior may differ inside Web Components.
- Events may not bubble correctly through shadow DOM boundaries.
- Selection may be affected by encapsulation.
- Focus management may be inconsistent.

### Expected behavior

- contenteditable should behave identically inside and outside Web Components.
- Events should work correctly across shadow DOM boundaries.
- Selection and focus should work consistently.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0077-contenteditable-with-web-components.md, after:

---
id: ce-0077
scenarioId: scenario-web-components-integration
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable behavior differs inside Web Components
description: "When a contenteditable element is inside a Web Component (custom element), its behavior may differ from when it's in standard HTML. Event handling, selection, and focus management may be affected by the Shadow DOM isolation."
tags:
  - web-components
  - custom-elements
  - chrome
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element is inside a Web Component (custom element), its behavior may differ from when it's in standard HTML. Event handling, selection, and focus management may be affected by the component's shadow DOM or encapsulation.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a custom Web Component.
2. Inside the component, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to interact with the contenteditable (type, select, etc.).
4. Observe event handling and selection behavior.
5. Compare with a contenteditable outside the component.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, contenteditable behavior may differ inside Web Components.
- Events may not bubble correctly through shadow DOM boundaries.
- Selection may be affected by encapsulation.
- Focus management may be inconsistent.

### Expected behavior

- contenteditable should behave identically inside and outside Web Components.
- Events should work correctly across shadow DOM boundaries.
- Selection and focus should work consistently.
