src/content/cases/ce-0080-contenteditable-with-mutation-observer.md, before:

---
id: ce-0080
scenarioId: scenario-mutation-observer-interference
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: MutationObserver may interfere with contenteditable editing
tags:
  - mutation-observer
  - performance
  - editing
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a MutationObserver is attached to a contenteditable element or its parent, the observer callbacks may interfere with editing performance. Frequent DOM mutations during typing can trigger many observer callbacks, causing lag or jank.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Attach a MutationObserver that logs all mutations.
3. Type text rapidly in the contenteditable.
4. Observe performance and any lag.
5. Compare with typing without the observer.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, MutationObserver callbacks can cause performance issues.
- Rapid typing may trigger many mutations and callbacks.
- The UI may lag or become unresponsive.
- Performance degrades with complex observer logic.

### Expected behavior

- MutationObserver should not significantly impact editing performance.
- Or, there should be a way to batch mutations.
- Callbacks should be optimized for contenteditable use cases.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0080-contenteditable-with-mutation-observer.md, after:

---
id: ce-0080
scenarioId: scenario-mutation-observer-interference
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: MutationObserver may interfere with contenteditable editing
description: "When a MutationObserver is attached to a contenteditable element or its parent, the observer callbacks may interfere with editing performance. Frequent DOM mutations during typing can trigger many"
tags:
  - mutation-observer
  - performance
  - editing
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a MutationObserver is attached to a contenteditable element or its parent, the observer callbacks may interfere with editing performance. Frequent DOM mutations during typing can trigger many observer callbacks, causing lag or jank.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Attach a MutationObserver that logs all mutations.
3. Type text rapidly in the contenteditable.
4. Observe performance and any lag.
5. Compare with typing without the observer.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, MutationObserver callbacks can cause performance issues.
- Rapid typing may trigger many mutations and callbacks.
- The UI may lag or become unresponsive.
- Performance degrades with complex observer logic.

### Expected behavior

- MutationObserver should not significantly impact editing performance.
- Or, there should be a way to batch mutations.
- Callbacks should be optimized for contenteditable use cases.
