src/content/cases/ce-0038-mobile-zoom-on-focus.md, before:

---
id: ce-0038
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Page zooms in when focusing contenteditable on mobile
tags:
  - mobile
  - zoom
  - focus
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On iOS Safari, when a contenteditable region receives focus, the page may automatically zoom in. This can be disorienting and may cause layout issues.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a page with a contenteditable region on iOS Safari.
2. Ensure the viewport meta tag has `user-scalable=no` or a fixed `width`.
3. Tap on the contenteditable region to focus it.
4. Observe whether the page zooms in.

### Observed behavior

- In iOS Safari, focusing a contenteditable may trigger automatic zoom.
- The zoom level may be unexpected or inappropriate.
- The zoom may persist even after the contenteditable loses focus.

### Expected behavior

- Focusing a contenteditable should not trigger automatic zoom.
- Or, the zoom behavior should be controllable via CSS or meta tags.
- The viewport should remain stable during focus changes.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0038-mobile-zoom-on-focus.md, after:

---
id: ce-0038
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Page zooms in when focusing contenteditable on mobile
description: "On iOS Safari, when a contenteditable region receives focus, the page may automatically zoom in. This can be disorienting and may cause layout issues."
tags:
  - mobile
  - zoom
  - focus
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On iOS Safari, when a contenteditable region receives focus, the page may automatically zoom in. This can be disorienting and may cause layout issues.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a page with a contenteditable region on iOS Safari.
2. Ensure the viewport meta tag has `user-scalable=no` or a fixed `width`.
3. Tap on the contenteditable region to focus it.
4. Observe whether the page zooms in.

### Observed behavior

- In iOS Safari, focusing a contenteditable may trigger automatic zoom.
- The zoom level may be unexpected or inappropriate.
- The zoom may persist even after the contenteditable loses focus.

### Expected behavior

- Focusing a contenteditable should not trigger automatic zoom.
- Or, the zoom behavior should be controllable via CSS or meta tags.
- The viewport should remain stable during focus changes.
