src/content/cases/ce-0074-contenteditable-with-content-security-policy.md, before:

---
id: ce-0074
scenarioId: scenario-csp-restrictions
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Content Security Policy may restrict contenteditable behavior
tags:
  - csp
  - security
  - chrome
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a page has a strict Content Security Policy (CSP), certain contenteditable operations may be restricted. Pasting content, executing scripts, or inserting HTML may be blocked depending on the CSP directives.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a page with a strict CSP header (e.g., `default-src 'self'`).
2. Create a contenteditable div on the page.
3. Try to paste content from clipboard.
4. Try to insert HTML programmatically.
5. Observe any CSP violations or blocked operations.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, CSP may block certain contenteditable operations.
- Pasting may be restricted if `unsafe-inline` is not allowed.
- Script execution within contenteditable may be blocked.
- CSP violations may be logged in the console.

### Expected behavior

- CSP should not interfere with basic contenteditable editing.
- Pasting should work within CSP constraints.
- Or, there should be clear documentation on CSP and contenteditable interaction.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0074-contenteditable-with-content-security-policy.md, after:

---
id: ce-0074
scenarioId: scenario-csp-restrictions
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Content Security Policy may restrict contenteditable behavior
description: "When a page has a strict Content Security Policy (CSP), certain contenteditable operations may be restricted. Pasting content, executing scripts, or inserting HTML may be blocked depending on the CSP configuration."
tags:
  - csp
  - security
  - chrome
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a page has a strict Content Security Policy (CSP), certain contenteditable operations may be restricted. Pasting content, executing scripts, or inserting HTML may be blocked depending on the CSP directives.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a page with a strict CSP header (e.g., `default-src 'self'`).
2. Create a contenteditable div on the page.
3. Try to paste content from clipboard.
4. Try to insert HTML programmatically.
5. Observe any CSP violations or blocked operations.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on Windows, CSP may block certain contenteditable operations.
- Pasting may be restricted if `unsafe-inline` is not allowed.
- Script execution within contenteditable may be blocked.
- CSP violations may be logged in the console.

### Expected behavior

- CSP should not interfere with basic contenteditable editing.
- Pasting should work within CSP constraints.
- Or, there should be clear documentation on CSP and contenteditable interaction.
