src/content/cases/ce-0068-contenteditable-with-spellcheck.md, before:

---
id: ce-0068
scenarioId: scenario-spellcheck-interference
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Spellcheck suggestions interfere with contenteditable editing
tags:
  - spellcheck
  - editing
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When spellcheck is enabled on a contenteditable element, browser spellcheck suggestions can interfere with editing. The spellcheck UI may overlap with content, and accepting suggestions may cause unexpected behavior.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `spellcheck="true"`.
2. Type text with intentional misspellings.
3. Observe the spellcheck suggestions that appear.
4. Try to accept or ignore suggestions.
5. Continue editing and observe any interference.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, spellcheck suggestions appear as expected.
- Accepting suggestions may cause the caret to jump unexpectedly.
- The spellcheck UI may overlap with content during editing.
- Spellcheck may interfere with IME composition.

### Expected behavior

- Spellcheck should work seamlessly with contenteditable.
- Suggestions should not interfere with editing flow.
- Caret position should remain stable when accepting suggestions.
- Spellcheck should pause during IME composition.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0068-contenteditable-with-spellcheck.md, after:

---
id: ce-0068
scenarioId: scenario-spellcheck-interference
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Spellcheck suggestions interfere with contenteditable editing
description: "When spellcheck is enabled on a contenteditable element, browser spellcheck suggestions can interfere with editing. The spellcheck UI may overlap with content, and accepting suggestions may cause u"
tags:
  - spellcheck
  - editing
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When spellcheck is enabled on a contenteditable element, browser spellcheck suggestions can interfere with editing. The spellcheck UI may overlap with content, and accepting suggestions may cause unexpected behavior.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `spellcheck="true"`.
2. Type text with intentional misspellings.
3. Observe the spellcheck suggestions that appear.
4. Try to accept or ignore suggestions.
5. Continue editing and observe any interference.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, spellcheck suggestions appear as expected.
- Accepting suggestions may cause the caret to jump unexpectedly.
- The spellcheck UI may overlap with content during editing.
- Spellcheck may interfere with IME composition.

### Expected behavior

- Spellcheck should work seamlessly with contenteditable.
- Suggestions should not interfere with editing flow.
- Caret position should remain stable when accepting suggestions.
- Spellcheck should pause during IME composition.
