src/content/cases/ce-0047-paste-from-clipboard-api.md, before:

---
id: ce-0047
scenarioId: scenario-clipboard-api
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Clipboard API paste does not work in contenteditable
tags:
  - clipboard
  - api
  - paste
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using the Clipboard API (`navigator.clipboard.readText()` or `navigator.clipboard.read()`) to programmatically paste content into a contenteditable region, the paste operation may fail or not work as expected.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Copy some text to the clipboard.
3. Use JavaScript to read from clipboard: `await navigator.clipboard.readText()`.
4. Try to insert the text into the contenteditable.
5. Observe whether the paste works correctly.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, Clipboard API operations may fail in contenteditable contexts.
- Permission errors may occur.
- The paste may not trigger expected events or behaviors.

### Expected behavior

- Clipboard API should work reliably in contenteditable contexts.
- Permissions should be handled correctly.
- Paste operations should trigger appropriate events.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0047-paste-from-clipboard-api.md, after:

---
id: ce-0047
scenarioId: scenario-clipboard-api
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Clipboard API paste does not work in contenteditable
description: "When using the Clipboard API (navigator.clipboard.readText() or navigator.clipboard.read()) to programmatically paste content into a contenteditable region, the paste operation may fail or not trigger paste events."
tags:
  - clipboard
  - api
  - paste
  - chrome
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using the Clipboard API (`navigator.clipboard.readText()` or `navigator.clipboard.read()`) to programmatically paste content into a contenteditable region, the paste operation may fail or not work as expected.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Copy some text to the clipboard.
3. Use JavaScript to read from clipboard: `await navigator.clipboard.readText()`.
4. Try to insert the text into the contenteditable.
5. Observe whether the paste works correctly.

### Observed behavior

- In Chrome on macOS, Clipboard API operations may fail in contenteditable contexts.
- Permission errors may occur.
- The paste may not trigger expected events or behaviors.

### Expected behavior

- Clipboard API should work reliably in contenteditable contexts.
- Permissions should be handled correctly.
- Paste operations should trigger appropriate events.
