src/content/cases/ce-0079-contenteditable-with-contenteditable-inheritance.md, before:

---
id: ce-0079
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-inheritance
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable inheritance behavior is inconsistent
tags:
  - inheritance
  - nested
  - firefox
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a parent element has `contenteditable="true"` and a child element has `contenteditable="false"`, the inheritance behavior is inconsistent across browsers. Some browsers allow editing in the child, while others correctly prevent it. The behavior may also differ when the child has `contenteditable="inherit"` or no contenteditable attribute.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a parent div with `contenteditable="true"`.
2. Add a child element with `contenteditable="false"`.
3. Add another child with `contenteditable="inherit"`.
4. Add another child with no contenteditable attribute.
5. Try to edit each child and observe behavior.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, inheritance behavior is inconsistent.
- Children with `contenteditable="false"` may still be editable.
- Children with `contenteditable="inherit"` may not inherit correctly.
- Children without the attribute may or may not be editable.

### Expected behavior

- `contenteditable="false"` should always prevent editing.
- `contenteditable="inherit"` should inherit from parent.
- Children without the attribute should inherit from parent.
- Behavior should be consistent across browsers.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0079-contenteditable-with-contenteditable-inheritance.md, after:

---
id: ce-0079
scenarioId: scenario-contenteditable-inheritance
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: contenteditable inheritance behavior is inconsistent
description: "When a parent element has contenteditable=\"true\" and a child element has contenteditable=\"false\", the inheritance behavior is inconsistent across browsers. Some browsers allow editing in the child element while others do not."
tags:
  - inheritance
  - nested
  - firefox
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a parent element has `contenteditable="true"` and a child element has `contenteditable="false"`, the inheritance behavior is inconsistent across browsers. Some browsers allow editing in the child, while others correctly prevent it. The behavior may also differ when the child has `contenteditable="inherit"` or no contenteditable attribute.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a parent div with `contenteditable="true"`.
2. Add a child element with `contenteditable="false"`.
3. Add another child with `contenteditable="inherit"`.
4. Add another child with no contenteditable attribute.
5. Try to edit each child and observe behavior.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, inheritance behavior is inconsistent.
- Children with `contenteditable="false"` may still be editable.
- Children with `contenteditable="inherit"` may not inherit correctly.
- Children without the attribute may or may not be editable.

### Expected behavior

- `contenteditable="false"` should always prevent editing.
- `contenteditable="inherit"` should inherit from parent.
- Children without the attribute should inherit from parent.
- Behavior should be consistent across browsers.
