src/content/cases/ce-0037-undo-stack-cleared.md, before:

---
id: ce-0037
scenarioId: scenario-undo-redo-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Undo stack is cleared when programmatically modifying content
tags:
  - undo
  - programmatic
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When programmatically modifying the content of a contenteditable region (e.g., using `innerHTML` or `textContent`), the undo stack is cleared in Safari. This prevents users from undoing their previous manual edits.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Type some text manually.
3. Use JavaScript to modify the content: `element.innerHTML = 'New content'`.
4. Try to undo (Cmd+Z).
5. Observe whether the previous manual edits can be undone.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, programmatic content changes clear the undo stack.
- Users cannot undo their previous manual edits after programmatic changes.
- The undo history is lost unexpectedly.

### Expected behavior

- Programmatic changes should not clear the undo stack for manual edits.
- Or, there should be a way to preserve undo history across programmatic modifications.
- The undo stack should be managed more intelligently.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0037-undo-stack-cleared.md, after:

---
id: ce-0037
scenarioId: scenario-undo-redo-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Undo stack is cleared when programmatically modifying content
description: "When programmatically modifying the content of a contenteditable region (e.g., using innerHTML or textContent), the undo stack is cleared in Safari. This prevents users from undoing their previous edits."
tags:
  - undo
  - programmatic
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When programmatically modifying the content of a contenteditable region (e.g., using `innerHTML` or `textContent`), the undo stack is cleared in Safari. This prevents users from undoing their previous manual edits.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Type some text manually.
3. Use JavaScript to modify the content: `element.innerHTML = 'New content'`.
4. Try to undo (Cmd+Z).
5. Observe whether the previous manual edits can be undone.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, programmatic content changes clear the undo stack.
- Users cannot undo their previous manual edits after programmatic changes.
- The undo history is lost unexpectedly.

### Expected behavior

- Programmatic changes should not clear the undo stack for manual edits.
- Or, there should be a way to preserve undo history across programmatic modifications.
- The undo stack should be managed more intelligently.
