src/content/cases/ce-0076-contenteditable-with-cors.md, before:

---
id: ce-0076
scenarioId: scenario-cors-restrictions
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CORS restrictions may affect contenteditable in cross-origin iframes
tags:
  - cors
  - iframe
  - security
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element is inside a cross-origin iframe, CORS restrictions may prevent certain operations. Accessing the contenteditable from the parent frame may be blocked, and some editing operations may be restricted.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a page with a cross-origin iframe.
2. Inside the iframe, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to access the contenteditable from the parent frame.
4. Try to programmatically modify the content.
5. Observe any CORS-related errors or restrictions.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, CORS restrictions apply to cross-origin iframes.
- Accessing contenteditable content from parent frame may be blocked.
- Some operations may be restricted due to same-origin policy.
- Error messages may not be clear.

### Expected behavior

- CORS restrictions should be clearly documented.
- Or, there should be a standard way to work with cross-origin contenteditable.
- Error messages should be helpful.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0076-contenteditable-with-cors.md, after:

---
id: ce-0076
scenarioId: scenario-cors-restrictions
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "14.0"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: MacBook Pro
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "17.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CORS restrictions may affect contenteditable in cross-origin iframes
description: "When a contenteditable element is inside a cross-origin iframe, CORS restrictions may prevent certain operations. Accessing the contenteditable from the parent frame may be blocked, and some editin"
tags:
  - cors
  - iframe
  - security
  - safari
  - macos
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element is inside a cross-origin iframe, CORS restrictions may prevent certain operations. Accessing the contenteditable from the parent frame may be blocked, and some editing operations may be restricted.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a page with a cross-origin iframe.
2. Inside the iframe, create a contenteditable div.
3. Try to access the contenteditable from the parent frame.
4. Try to programmatically modify the content.
5. Observe any CORS-related errors or restrictions.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, CORS restrictions apply to cross-origin iframes.
- Accessing contenteditable content from parent frame may be blocked.
- Some operations may be restricted due to same-origin policy.
- Error messages may not be clear.

### Expected behavior

- CORS restrictions should be clearly documented.
- Or, there should be a standard way to work with cross-origin contenteditable.
- Error messages should be helpful.
