src/content/cases/ce-0064-contenteditable-with-pattern.md, before:

---
id: ce-0064
scenarioId: scenario-pattern-validation
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: pattern attribute does not validate contenteditable content
tags:
  - pattern
  - validation
  - regex
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `pattern` attribute, which allows regex-based validation on form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions. Content cannot be validated against a pattern.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `pattern="[0-9]+"` (numbers only).
2. Type non-numeric characters.
3. Observe whether validation occurs.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, the `pattern` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- No validation occurs.
- Invalid content can be entered freely.

### Expected behavior

- The `pattern` attribute should validate contenteditable content.
- Invalid content should be rejected or flagged.
- Or, there should be a standard way to validate content against patterns.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0064-contenteditable-with-pattern.md, after:

---
id: ce-0064
scenarioId: scenario-pattern-validation
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Firefox
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: pattern attribute does not validate contenteditable content
description: "The pattern attribute, which allows regex-based validation on form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions. Content cannot be validated against a pattern."
tags:
  - pattern
  - validation
  - regex
  - firefox
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

The `pattern` attribute, which allows regex-based validation on form inputs, does not work on contenteditable regions. Content cannot be validated against a pattern.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `pattern="[0-9]+"` (numbers only).
2. Type non-numeric characters.
3. Observe whether validation occurs.

### Observed behavior

- In Firefox on Windows, the `pattern` attribute is ignored on contenteditable.
- No validation occurs.
- Invalid content can be entered freely.

### Expected behavior

- The `pattern` attribute should validate contenteditable content.
- Invalid content should be rejected or flagged.
- Or, there should be a standard way to validate content against patterns.
