src/content/cases/ce-0056-contenteditable-with-placeholder.md, before:

---
id: ce-0056
scenarioId: scenario-placeholder-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Placeholder text disappears when contenteditable receives focus
tags:
  - placeholder
  - focus
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using CSS `::before` or `::after` pseudo-elements to create placeholder text for a contenteditable region, the placeholder disappears immediately when the element receives focus, even if the content is empty. This differs from `<input>` and `<textarea>` behavior.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with placeholder styling:
   ```css
   [contenteditable]:empty::before {
     content: "Type here...";
     color: #999;
   }
   ```
2. Focus the contenteditable.
3. Observe whether the placeholder disappears.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the placeholder disappears on focus even if content is empty.
- This differs from standard input elements where placeholder persists until text is entered.
- The behavior is inconsistent with user expectations.

### Expected behavior

- Placeholder should persist when focused if content is empty.
- It should disappear only when content is actually entered.
- Behavior should match standard input elements.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0056-contenteditable-with-placeholder.md, after:

---
id: ce-0056
scenarioId: scenario-placeholder-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Placeholder text disappears when contenteditable receives focus
description: "When using CSS ::before or ::after pseudo-elements to create placeholder text for a contenteditable region, the placeholder disappears immediately when the element receives focus, even if the content is empty."
tags:
  - placeholder
  - focus
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When using CSS `::before` or `::after` pseudo-elements to create placeholder text for a contenteditable region, the placeholder disappears immediately when the element receives focus, even if the content is empty. This differs from `<input>` and `<textarea>` behavior.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with placeholder styling:
   ```css
   [contenteditable]:empty::before {
     content: "Type here...";
     color: #999;
   }
   ```
2. Focus the contenteditable.
3. Observe whether the placeholder disappears.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, the placeholder disappears on focus even if content is empty.
- This differs from standard input elements where placeholder persists until text is entered.
- The behavior is inconsistent with user expectations.

### Expected behavior

- Placeholder should persist when focused if content is empty.
- It should disappear only when content is actually entered.
- Behavior should match standard input elements.
