src/content/cases/ce-0091-contenteditable-with-css-transform.md, before:

---
id: ce-0091
scenarioId: scenario-css-transform
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS transform may cause selection handles to appear in wrong position
tags:
  - css-transform
  - selection
  - edge
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS transforms applied (translate, scale, rotate), the selection handles and caret may appear in incorrect positions. The visual position may not match the actual selection position.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `transform: scale(0.8) translateX(50px)`.
2. Select text in the contenteditable.
3. Observe the position of selection handles.
4. Observe the caret position during editing.
5. Compare visual position with actual selection.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, CSS transforms may cause selection handle misalignment.
- Caret position may appear offset.
- Selection handles may not align with selected text.
- Touch selection on mobile may be affected.

### Expected behavior

- CSS transforms should not affect selection handle positioning.
- Caret should appear in the correct visual position.
- Selection handles should align with selected text.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0091-contenteditable-with-css-transform.md, after:

---
id: ce-0091
scenarioId: scenario-css-transform
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Edge
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: CSS transform may cause selection handles to appear in wrong position
description: "When a contenteditable element has CSS transforms applied (translate, scale, rotate), the selection handles and caret may appear in incorrect positions. The visual position may not match the actual DOM position."
tags:
  - css-transform
  - selection
  - edge
  - windows
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable element has CSS transforms applied (translate, scale, rotate), the selection handles and caret may appear in incorrect positions. The visual position may not match the actual selection position.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `transform: scale(0.8) translateX(50px)`.
2. Select text in the contenteditable.
3. Observe the position of selection handles.
4. Observe the caret position during editing.
5. Compare visual position with actual selection.

### Observed behavior

- In Edge on Windows, CSS transforms may cause selection handle misalignment.
- Caret position may appear offset.
- Selection handles may not align with selected text.
- Touch selection on mobile may be affected.

### Expected behavior

- CSS transforms should not affect selection handle positioning.
- Caret should appear in the correct visual position.
- Selection handles should align with selected text.
