src/content/cases/ce-0046-mobile-double-tap-zoom.md, before:

---
id: ce-0046
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Double-tap on contenteditable triggers page zoom
tags:
  - mobile
  - zoom
  - double-tap
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On iOS Safari, double-tapping on a contenteditable region triggers page zoom instead of word selection. This interferes with the expected text editing behavior.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a page with a contenteditable region on iOS Safari.
2. Double-tap on a word within the contenteditable.
3. Observe whether the page zooms or the word is selected.

### Observed behavior

- In iOS Safari, double-tap triggers page zoom.
- Word selection does not occur as expected.
- The zoom interferes with text editing workflow.

### Expected behavior

- Double-tap should select the word, not zoom the page.
- Or, zoom should be disabled for contenteditable regions.
- Text selection should work as expected on mobile devices.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0046-mobile-double-tap-zoom.md, after:

---
id: ce-0046
scenarioId: scenario-mobile-touch-behavior
locale: en
os: iOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Mobile
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: System virtual keyboard
caseTitle: Double-tap on contenteditable triggers page zoom
description: "On iOS Safari, double-tapping on a contenteditable region triggers page zoom instead of word selection. This interferes with the expected text editing behavior."
tags:
  - mobile
  - zoom
  - double-tap
  - ios
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

On iOS Safari, double-tapping on a contenteditable region triggers page zoom instead of word selection. This interferes with the expected text editing behavior.

### Reproduction example

1. Open a page with a contenteditable region on iOS Safari.
2. Double-tap on a word within the contenteditable.
3. Observe whether the page zooms or the word is selected.

### Observed behavior

- In iOS Safari, double-tap triggers page zoom.
- Word selection does not occur as expected.
- The zoom interferes with text editing workflow.

### Expected behavior

- Double-tap should select the word, not zoom the page.
- Or, zoom should be disabled for contenteditable regions.
- Text selection should work as expected on mobile devices.
