src/content/cases/ce-0041-spellcheck-interferes.md, before:

---
id: ce-0041
scenarioId: scenario-spellcheck-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Spellcheck interferes with contenteditable editing
tags:
  - spellcheck
  - editing
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When `spellcheck="true"` is enabled on a contenteditable region in Safari, the spellcheck functionality may interfere with normal editing. Red underlines may appear incorrectly, and the spellcheck UI may block text selection or editing.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `spellcheck="true"`.
2. Type some text, including intentionally misspelled words.
3. Observe the spellcheck behavior.
4. Try to select text that has spellcheck underlines.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, spellcheck underlines may interfere with text selection.
- The spellcheck UI may appear in unexpected locations.
- Editing may be blocked or delayed by spellcheck processing.

### Expected behavior

- Spellcheck should not interfere with normal editing operations.
- Text selection should work regardless of spellcheck underlines.
- The spellcheck UI should not block or delay editing.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0041-spellcheck-interferes.md, after:

---
id: ce-0041
scenarioId: scenario-spellcheck-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Spellcheck interferes with contenteditable editing
description: "When spellcheck=\"true\" is enabled on a contenteditable region in Safari, the spellcheck functionality may interfere with normal editing. Red underlines may appear incorrectly, and the spellcheck suggestions may interfere with IME composition."
tags:
  - spellcheck
  - editing
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When `spellcheck="true"` is enabled on a contenteditable region in Safari, the spellcheck functionality may interfere with normal editing. Red underlines may appear incorrectly, and the spellcheck UI may block text selection or editing.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div with `spellcheck="true"`.
2. Type some text, including intentionally misspelled words.
3. Observe the spellcheck behavior.
4. Try to select text that has spellcheck underlines.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, spellcheck underlines may interfere with text selection.
- The spellcheck UI may appear in unexpected locations.
- Editing may be blocked or delayed by spellcheck processing.

### Expected behavior

- Spellcheck should not interfere with normal editing operations.
- Text selection should work regardless of spellcheck underlines.
- The spellcheck UI should not block or delay editing.
