src/content/cases/ce-0044-getSelection-returns-null.md, before:

---
id: ce-0044
scenarioId: scenario-selection-api-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: window.getSelection() returns null when contenteditable loses focus
tags:
  - selection
  - api
  - focus
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region loses focus, `window.getSelection()` may return `null` in Safari, even if there was a valid selection before the focus loss. This makes it difficult to preserve or work with selections.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Select some text within it.
3. Click outside the contenteditable to remove focus.
4. Call `window.getSelection()`.
5. Observe the return value.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, `window.getSelection()` returns `null` after focus loss.
- The selection information is lost.
- There is no way to retrieve the previous selection state.

### Expected behavior

- `window.getSelection()` should return a valid Selection object even after focus loss.
- Or, there should be a way to preserve selection state before focus loss.
- Selection information should be accessible when needed.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0044-getSelection-returns-null.md, after:

---
id: ce-0044
scenarioId: scenario-selection-api-behavior
locale: en
os: macOS
osVersion: "Ubuntu 22.04"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Safari
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: US
caseTitle: window.getSelection() returns null when contenteditable loses focus
description: "When a contenteditable region loses focus, window.getSelection() may return null in Safari, even if there was a valid selection before the focus loss. This makes it difficult to preserve or work with selection state."
tags:
  - selection
  - api
  - focus
  - safari
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

When a contenteditable region loses focus, `window.getSelection()` may return `null` in Safari, even if there was a valid selection before the focus loss. This makes it difficult to preserve or work with selections.

### Reproduction example

1. Create a contenteditable div.
2. Select some text within it.
3. Click outside the contenteditable to remove focus.
4. Call `window.getSelection()`.
5. Observe the return value.

### Observed behavior

- In Safari on macOS, `window.getSelection()` returns `null` after focus loss.
- The selection information is lost.
- There is no way to retrieve the previous selection state.

### Expected behavior

- `window.getSelection()` should return a valid Selection object even after focus loss.
- Or, there should be a way to preserve selection state before focus loss.
- Selection information should be accessible when needed.
