src/content/cases/ce-0002-ime-enter-breaks.md, before:

---
id: ce-0002
scenarioId: scenario-ime-enter-breaks
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Composition is cancelled when pressing Enter inside contenteditable
tags:
  - composition
  - ime
  - enter
status: draft
domSteps:
  - label: "Before"
    html: 'Hello <span style="text-decoration: underline; background: #fef08a;">한</span>'
    description: "한글 조합 중"
  - label: "❌ After (Bug)"
    html: 'Hello 하'
    description: "받침 'ㄴ' 손실"
  - label: "✅ Expected"
    html: 'Hello 한'
    description: "정상: '한' 유지"
---

### Phenomenon

When composing Korean text with an IME in a `contenteditable` element, pressing Enter cancels the
composition and sometimes commits only a partial syllable. In some browser and IME combinations,
the caret moves to the next line but the last composed character is lost.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Activate a Korean IME.
3. Type several syllables but do not finalize the composition.
4. Press Enter to insert a new line.

### Observed behavior

- The compositionend event fires with incomplete data.
- The caret moves to the next line.
- The last composed syllable is missing from the DOM text content.

### Expected behavior

- The IME finalizes the current composition before inserting a line break.
- The last composed syllable remains in the DOM text content.

### Notes and possible direction for workarounds

- Observe the sequence of `beforeinput`, `compositionend`, and `input` events in the playground.
- Check whether the browser emits a `beforeinput` event with `inputType = 'insertParagraph'`
  before or after `compositionend`.
- A possible workaround is to intercept Enter on `keydown` and prevent the default behavior while
  waiting for composition to complete, but this changes the native editing behavior and must be
  evaluated carefully per product.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/ce-0002-ime-enter-breaks.md, after:

---
id: ce-0002
scenarioId: scenario-ime-enter-breaks
locale: en
os: Windows
osVersion: "11"
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: "120.0"
keyboard: Korean (IME)
caseTitle: Composition is cancelled when pressing Enter inside contenteditable
description: "When composing Korean text with an IME in a contenteditable element, pressing Enter cancels the composition and sometimes commits only a partial syllable. In some browser and IME combinations, the caret moves to the next line but the last composed character is lost."
tags:
  - composition
  - ime
  - enter
status: draft
domSteps:
  - label: "Before"
    html: 'Hello <span style="text-decoration: underline; background: #fef08a;">한</span>'
    description: "한글 조합 중"
  - label: "❌ After (Bug)"
    html: 'Hello 하'
    description: "받침 'ㄴ' 손실"
  - label: "✅ Expected"
    html: 'Hello 한'
    description: "정상: '한' 유지"
---

### Phenomenon

When composing Korean text with an IME in a `contenteditable` element, pressing Enter cancels the
composition and sometimes commits only a partial syllable. In some browser and IME combinations,
the caret moves to the next line but the last composed character is lost.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Activate a Korean IME.
3. Type several syllables but do not finalize the composition.
4. Press Enter to insert a new line.

### Observed behavior

- The compositionend event fires with incomplete data.
- The caret moves to the next line.
- The last composed syllable is missing from the DOM text content.

### Expected behavior

- The IME finalizes the current composition before inserting a line break.
- The last composed syllable remains in the DOM text content.

### Notes and possible direction for workarounds

- Observe the sequence of `beforeinput`, `compositionend`, and `input` events in the playground.
- Check whether the browser emits a `beforeinput` event with `inputType = 'insertParagraph'`
  before or after `compositionend`.
- A possible workaround is to intercept Enter on `keydown` and prevent the default behavior while
  waiting for composition to complete, but this changes the native editing behavior and must be
  evaluated carefully per product.
