src/content/cases/example-baseline.md, before:

---
id: ce-0001
scenarioId: scenario-baseline
locale: en
os: Any
osVersion: Any
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: Latest
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Baseline typing and composition in a simple contenteditable region
tags:
  - composition
  - baseline
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

This case describes a baseline scenario for inspecting how a plain `contenteditable` region behaves
with typing, composition, and basic navigation keys.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type ASCII text and observe `keydown`, `beforeinput`, and `input` events.
3. Switch to an IME (for example, Korean or Japanese) and type composed characters.
4. Use Backspace and the arrow keys to move the caret.

### Observed behavior

- The event order for simple typing is stable within a given browser and OS.
- Composition events fire when using an IME.

### Expected behavior

- This scenario is used as a reference. Other cases can be compared against this baseline to detect
  differences introduced by specific operating systems, devices, browsers, or keyboard layouts.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies, enhance navigation in SiteNav component, and improve documentation for contenteditable features. Add new cases with detailed descriptions, update search API to include tags and categories, and refine iframe integration examples for better clarity.

src/content/cases/example-baseline.md, after:

---
id: ce-0001
scenarioId: scenario-baseline
locale: en
os: Any
osVersion: Any
device: Desktop or Laptop
deviceVersion: Any
browser: Chrome
browserVersion: Latest
keyboard: US
caseTitle: Baseline typing and composition in a simple contenteditable region
description: "This case describes a baseline scenario for inspecting how a plain contenteditable region behaves with typing, composition, and basic navigation keys."
tags:
  - composition
  - baseline
status: draft
---

### Phenomenon

This case describes a baseline scenario for inspecting how a plain `contenteditable` region behaves
with typing, composition, and basic navigation keys.

### Reproduction example

1. Focus the editable area.
2. Type ASCII text and observe `keydown`, `beforeinput`, and `input` events.
3. Switch to an IME (for example, Korean or Japanese) and type composed characters.
4. Use Backspace and the arrow keys to move the caret.

### Observed behavior

- The event order for simple typing is stable within a given browser and OS.
- Composition events fire when using an IME.

### Expected behavior

- This scenario is used as a reference. Other cases can be compared against this baseline to detect
  differences introduced by specific operating systems, devices, browsers, or keyboard layouts.
